  Acer's C720p is our third Chromebook large family and it follows Samsung's , purchased a little over one year ago and HP's Chromebook 11 a couple of month ago . We are very happy with all three and we're likely to purchase more so , let me start by answering the obvious question see next paragraph . WHY A CHROMEBOOK ? There's so much to say here but let me make a quick summary . And never forget that we are talking about an 'under 300' device here because , YE , anything that cost 3 u02d5 4 u02d5 5 time as much should do better most of the time . u02d5 If counting 'hours' and excluding 'work hours' , Chromebook are our most used computer and by 'computer' I mean PC , laptop and tablet . u02d5 Malware , spyware , adware u02d5 free . Since nothing is manually 'installed' on the Chromebook , I can't see how one would ever be infected . I am now actually turning on and using a Chromebook to open suspicious email or click on dubious URL that I'd rather not touch from a laptop or PC . u02d5 Chromium happens to be one of the safest o . I don't know if this is common knowledge but Google is constantly challenging hacker to crack it . And , as far as I know , Chromium wasn't cracked yet . u02d5 Easy to share among any number of user without any concern for compromising privacy . If you have a Google account you simply sign in and you are going to be within your own , personal environment , including Chrome extension , shortcut and so forth . u02d5 Constantly updated and upgraded . Google Update Chromium every few week and I found my Chromebook actually getting better all the time rather than getting slower and slower and gradually falling into obsolescence . u02d5 Nearly maintenance free . Whenever I don't use a tablet or even a laptop for a while they tend to get very busy for a few minute or longer once I turn them back on . tablet , especially , are almost impossible to use until all those dozen of updates/upgrade download and install . Not the case for Chromebook . Whatever upgrade may take place out in the cloud they don't hit my Chromebook . Whenever I call up an app , I get it in its latest version . u02d5 The attached keyboard helps a lot . YE , you can pair a keyboard and even a mouse to a tablet but the Chromebook's keyboard is always there , it also negates the need of a stand or even some protecting case . u02d5 Chromium is streamlined and efficiently focused where it matter , on the everyday use most of us need a 'computer' most of the time . u02d5 While you don't get the top of the line CPU on a 299 Chromebook , performance is much better than that same CPU on a traditional laptop because there's no need to constantly run virus scan , there is on disk fragmentation to deal with , among other thing . u02d5 No need to worry about backup and losing your data . YE , keeping your important or very personal data in the cloud is not something that I do or I would advise anyone to do but 'everything else' should reside in the cloud just fine and the odd of that data ever being lost are quite small . u02d5 Quite versatile . You can easily pair your Chromebook with Bluetooth or dongled mice , keyboard and Speaker . And you can even use a remote desktop app to access a 'true' PC when you really need one . You can make phone call and video call and you can even play some game . u02d5 run Ubuntu . I haven't tried it yet myself because .  .  . well .  .  . I have Ubuntu running on a PC already but if you Google Chromebook Ubuntu or Chromebook Linux you will get a few post that explain exactly how it's done . u02d5 work offline too . YE , it's not a laptop but there are app that work well offline and if you don't trust Google's cloud you can access your own local NAS at least for viewing doc , PowerPoint slide or playing video . There must be a way to save edited doc in your own cloud rather than Google's but I didn't spend much time trying to figure it out yet . u02d5 Relatively low prince , 11 . 6 display and light weight seem to be just about right for something that typically you'd be using to browse the Web while watching TV or take to and from school . WHY NOT A CHROMEBOOK ? YE , Chromebook can't do everything . Google's productivity suite notwithstanding , they are mainly and they are best at media consumption rather than production . Nobody should buy a Chromebook and expect to be able to edit video or perform some heavy word processing or do some hard u02d5 core gaming even though you CAN do them , it's just that you can do them better on a PC or laptop or tablet . My experience is that a Chromebook can't do 'everything' . tablet are more portable , PC and laptop are more powerful but , to me , my Chromebook is the most fun to use device and it's likely to stay this way . I am not going to call it my 'second' or 'third' or 'first' computer but , objectively , it's the one I most use outside business hour if what we measure is 'hours' . Chromebook , now that we have three of them around are what our kid prefer for their school u02d5 related activity and most of their entertainment , when not playing game . ACER's C720pHaven't spent a lot of time with the 720p but , and not surprisingly so , it's all very familiar because this is our third Chromebook . The 720p is not 'exactly like' HP or Samsung's but it's easily recognizable as a Chromebook and that's a good thing . There are many common feature between our three Chromebook but there are quite a few important difference so here's what it's probably worth to mention : u02d5 Touch , of course . I didn't spend a lot of time with the much more expensive Pixel but the C720p does what I expected . It's not an iPad or a Nexus 7 when it comes to responsiveness but it's quite decent and it's good to have option . u02d5 The LED 1366 x 768p HD display resolution is no different from the other Chromebook and I would say it's somewhere in between HP better and Samsung's . But the difference are minor . u02d5 USB 3 . 0 , USB 2 . 0 and HDMI port plus the SD card slot make the C720p a relatively easy to connect device , especially when compared to HP . u02d5 Intel Celeron 2955U processor with only 2GB of DDR3 RAM make it the fastest Chromebook . I suspect that a 4GB model is going to be available soon but even with 2GB it still Feel fine . u02d5 Decent Speaker . Quite impressive , in fact for their size . u02d5 Great keyboard , as far as the chicklet keyboard come . I prefer it to the other but keyboard can be such a personal thing . It's the typical Chromebook layout and the key travel is good . As a touch typist it took me little time to get used to it . u02d5 Good battery life . They promise 7 u02d5 8 hour . I don't know how realistic that may be but at 75% brightness ours ran for almost six ours after a full charge . u02d5 Same freebie Google : 100GB in the cloud for 2 year being the most attractive . RATINGI am not going to compare Acer's Chromebook with the Pixel or some top of the line laptop . I noticed that many 'pro' reviewer are complaining because the 200 u02d5 300 dollar Chromebook are not 'high end' and aren't as nice as the Pixel and such . Well .  .  . did anyone check the price ? So , YE , let me make a 'duh' statement : this Chromebook is not as good as device that sell for 3 time or 4 time as much so anyone who doesn't mind paying more should pay more and get one of those . Even though .  .  . look at some reason above for why one may prefer a Chromebook to a laptop or a tablet , regardless of price . Acer's device is at least as good and in some way better than my now one year old , often used and much trusted Samsung and , while not as pretty , it seems to be speedier and definitely much better connected than HP . The price difference can be justified by the touch capability which is nice to know it's there . Chromebook and the C720p are not for everyone and they are not a universal computing device but , if used for what they are meant to be used , they are as good and as a revolutionary device as tablet . 
  My wife pre ordered the C720P as my christma gift , but we couldn't wait to exchange our big gift after 27 year , we understand each other well .  : D So when the box arrived last night delayed 3 excruciating day by the recent ice storm , I became a brand new Chromebook owner . Opening the box revealed the Chromebook , power supply brick , standard PC power cable , and a getting started sheet . Getting started is trivial plug it in though it was 79% charged on arrival , pick a language , login to Google , and optionally follow a brief but informative tour . I've used the Chrome browser on window and Ubuntu desktop and my Nexus 4 , so I'm already somewhat invested in the Chrome ecosystem . As a result , I felt right at home all of my Google service and app I had installed via the Chrome browser were ready to use , and a familiar Chromecast icon pre connected my Chromebook to our TV . chromeo Feel quite natural if you've used window 7 a grid icon in the lower left yield a start menu with your Chrome app , with quick launch icon and underlined active program shown to its right . My grid has several page , since I had already selected app via my Chrome browser on other machine I instinctively swiped through the page exactly as I would on a tablet . The lower right of the screen show the time , volume , wifi strength , battery status , and the current user's picture I snapped a new one with the webcam on my first login , but all that grey hair caused me to switch back to my younger self instead . Touch interaction is so natural that my daughter , watching setup over my shoulder , asked , So , does the touchscreen work ? I pointed out that I hadn't used the trackpad yet all of my interaction had been touching the screen or typing . tablet have changed the way we interact with computer of all type , so it's a huge win to have responsive and natural touch on such an inexpensive laptop . And it's really cool to go back a page in the browser just by swiping from left to right I'll be trying this on my non touch desktop with increasing frustration , I just just know it . The keyboard work extremely well . I'm an 82 wpm touch typist , and have had no trouble at all whipping out this review . The layout is similar enough to a standard PC that I adapted without effort . The standard function key row use iconography for browser , screen , and volume control and a power switch , and there's no window key of course or Delete I use Alt Backspace . But typing is quick and easy , and far faster for me than on my iPad , even with its optional tabletop physical keyboard . I'm strongly biased toward over buying RAM , so the 2 GB on this device worried me a little . However , I've had a dozen tab open with no performance hit at all , and I loaded the Amiga 500 emulator in a Chrome browser window with very similar performance to my 16 GB quad core Ubuntu workstation . As with most light laptop , the RAM is not expandable , so I'm relieved . chromeo on this laptop is *very* fast , with a light and breezy feeling that I quite enjoy . The app store is gratifyingly large not Android large , but enough that I haven't failed to find anything that I have needed yet . If you have an old specialty window program on which you depend , you'll want a more expensive window laptop , but otherwise , I don't think you'll have a problem finding what you want , and will be able to window shop Chrome shop ? for many happy hour . Over a billion app served , and the newer app work off line though I have not yet tested this . Although I've only used it for one evening , I'm exceptionally pleased with this product . My son a senior in Computer Science used the non touch C720 model for his classwork last semester , running Ubuntu and chromeo simultaneously , and he recommended the C720P to me when I began considering a new laptop . I'm happy to recommend it to you . UPDATE : After 4 day , I've learned a bit more . The battery lasts for about 2 day of fairly heavy and somewhat intermittent use , around 9 hour total . Wifi is rock solid , and interaction with our Chromecast is reliable and seamless . I have 18 tab open right now , including 3 Drive document , Gmail , Angry bird , and the App Store , and it's just as responsive as when I first turned it on . Pinch to zoom work fine in app such as map , but it does NOT zoom on a normal web page I use Ctrl for that . The new off line app worked fine when I intentionally took it out of wifi range . The Chromebook has a large number of keyboard shortcut , by the way you can press Ctrl Alt ? to bring up an on screen cheat sheet keyboard overlay , then press various combination of Ctrl , Alt , and Shift to see what each shortcut does . Pressing Esc closes the overlay and gets you back to work or play . Still learning , and still having a blast ! 
  I have an Acer C720P 299 and an Acer C720 199 and both are amazing machine . If you dont mind plunking down the extra 100 for the touchscreen then go for it but really you will do fine without it and save yourself 100 especially if you are buying these as gift like I did for other in my family . Here is a list of the app I use on both and it run them fast and flawlessly : Facebook , Gmail , Google Drive , Google doc , Chrome Remote Desktop flawlessly connects to my window 7 laptop and I can run any window program remotely with ease , LogMeIn flawlessly connects to my Office Desktop and I can access all my office record which is key since i am a family doc , Google Cloud Print easily print document to all the printer i have set up , MyBible , Kindle , Twitter , Hootsuite , Weatherbug , Netflix , Pandora , YouTube , Google photo automatically puts all my photo taken on my Iphone over to my chromebook , run ALL website INCLUDING BANKING website and my mobile hospital app FLAWLESSLY WITH CHROME including adobe flash player site which my Ipad and Iphone still wont run The only Con i can find so far is no SKYPE app .  .  .  .  . If you want to do video call then need to use GOOGLE Hangout which is much less intuitive than skype .  .  .  . and you CANNOT hook a printer directly to a chromebook but you can use google cloud print to print easily .  .  . need wifi connection to do most thing this is really not a problem for me as i am always connected and they have developed a number of app that work when not connected including document writer and email offline Battery Life Amazing ! almost 8hr of use ! Touchscreen good but not like an Ipad can't use your finger to zoom in with pinch Touchpad very good ! and really dont need the touchscreen because touchpad work so well Keyboard very solid , Can use any wireless mouse with it . Ipad still cant utilize a mouse Screen brightness great . Sound adequate but a bit tinnyUSB port which can use flash drive to move and transfer file another thing I still cant do with my Ipad 2 year free of 100GB Google Drive this saves you 120 right there 12 free wifi passe while on plane i dont fly much but still a nice convenience and saves you the 10 or so connection fee Free virus protectionAll in all a great economical way to access the internet with ease and lightning speed and do 95% of what most people use a personal computer for this day and age . 
  I initially tried out the HP Chromebook 11 but did not like it and my parent have the older Samsung Chromebook so this review will talk a little bit about why I like this one the best and different feature of this laptop . Like the title says , this is , in my opinion , a 5 star device because of the bang for the buck you get with this device . This device is new so the price have been crazy recently and way over what this should be listed for . It is supposed to be 299 . 99 and if the price is over that , wait until it gets fixed . The price are going back and forth right now for some reason until more stock is acquired I assume . Update : Tips/Tricks section added to bottom . I am a college student and I think this device or any other Chromebook make for an excellent 2nd laptop and that is what this is for me . I have a much more powerful laptop with 17 inch screen and i7 processor for my computer programming project or anything I am a Business Information Systems/Technology major more serious where something must be installed or something . I also use my main computer for campus printing as it is what I am already familiar with . Let me start with the criticism that some people may discuss or may want to know before buying : Screen and Speaker then I will go into the rest of the device . Screen : It is a TOUCHSCREEN . This screen is not quite as good visually as the HP 11 if I am being honest . The HP 11's screen is actually really good especially for a Chromebook but this screen look just fine still . One thing I have noticed after using this for a bit is that the viewing angle are not so great . I personally do not foresee this being any issue because this is not going to be a laptop for watching movie or anything like that . When looking straight at the screen or from the side , there is not much issue but going far up or far down , color begin to become distorted . This particular model feature a touchscreen and that work MUCH better than I expected . The screen Feel very solid like glass . There has been no flexing or anything of the screen and the touch is really awesome . You can swipe from the left side of the screen towards the right to go back in your browser to your previous page and very cool thing like that with it . The touchscreen is one of the major thing that got me to go with this computer . You can do so much with the touchscreen which I really like and was wondering about before I bought this . I was afraid it would be very limited but it actually does a lot more than I expected such as the example I gave about being able to swipe across the screen to go back to your last webpage . The touchscreen is extremely accurate just like an iPhone or tablet should be . Scrolling down page with the touch is very smooth and accurate and if you release your touch , the screen will glide down . Pushing the tiny x button on a Chrome browser tab is actually pretty easy and you get more used to it . The screen is very quick and responsive . The screen hinge offer some resistance so that when you tap the screen , it does not fall backwards on you and I will detail this more under the Frame/Body section towards the bottom . Speaker : This is the only other thing I know of so far that one could ask to be better . The Speaker are located on the bottom of the device . They still seem to play partially through the keyboard though they are on the bottom so it is mostly coming from the bottom . This won't give you the most ideal sound experience but it isn't bad and if you are buying this to mostly listen to music , you might want to consider an iPhone or mp3 player instead of a Chromebook . I use headphone most of the time anyway . I just did a side by side comparison to my 17 inch i7 laptop and the headphone sound is the same . I swear with the HP 11 , even the headphone sound was of lower quality than that of my much more expensive i7 laptop and I am not sure why . Keyboard : The keyboard is great for a 300 device with all the feature this laptop has . I am typing this entire review on the C720P right now and having no issue . The key do not have a huge amount of return as in they don't compress a lot but I do not personally have any issue with that it is just the way they are . This has taken some getting used to for me but I see no advantage/disadvantage to this Acer keyboard over the HP 11 or Samsung Chromebook , they are each different and I have liked them all . The texture of the key feel good to my finger and have a slight texture to them . Because of the low amount of return on my keyboard key , they type pretty quietly which is sort of nice for taking to my classe so I do not disturb people around me . Touch pad : This touch pad is by far my favorite out of the Acer C720P , HP 11 , and Samsung . This touchpad is fully clickable , just like the rest but this one just Feel way better to my hand . It is completely smooth and when you push down on it to click , it gives you a very nice , solid response that you know you have clicked it and I just like that feel . Frame/Body : I waited for the release of this white body because I thought it looked better than the original slate color . I am happy with the way it look in person also . The feel is sort of a matte feel and is not glossy like the HP 11 if you've seen it which I think is a good thing because that mean it should show WAY less Fingerprint . The frame does not flex or bend whatsoever so far and I have tried to see if I could get it to . Very sturdy frame/body . Another thing about the body of this device that relates to the screen , the screen stand firm and gives you some resistance when closing/opening it which is great because it is a touchscreen and you don't want to be tapping a button on screen and having to hold the back with your other hand or have to pick it back up right after you tap the screen and it falls back a half inch . This is another positive to me and by no mean is it difficult to open or close , it just has a perfect amount of resistance to resist falling backwards after touching the screen . Lightweight , sturdy , clean . I just tried to fit it into a protective sleeve I bought when I had my HP 11 the sleeve fit over the HP 11 and was made to fit Macbook Air but this sleeve did not zip shut when I had the C720P inside . It fit into it fine , but hung out the opening to where my sleeve would not zip . So the form factor is bigger than the HP 11 as well though again , this doesn't bother me personally just something to note . Webcam/Camera : I was actually impressed with the quality of the camera/webcam on this device . I never expect a whole lot from webcam in the first place but I feel that this one was done well . No , this doesn't produce a crystal clear image but it does actually pretty well and has a lot of different filter you can apply Probably like all Chromebook with the camera app . The delay is pretty minimal when you are moving side to side for example . It keeps up pretty well and not that I video chat a lot , but I am content/happy with this camera and I think it takes decent picture for a low cost laptop . Charger : The charging port is a very small hole on the left side of the device but the charger does have a small power brick with it like most laptop I have seen but not all . The charger/brick is lightweight though and shouldn't bother me . The device typically can go from extremely low power up to 100% charge in about 2 hour which then gives you 7 8 hour of use more battery info below . BATTERY USE UPDATE : Acer claim 7 . 5 hour and I promised to give my input after some more use . Screen brightness is the main factor to battery life from my experience . When having the brightness set to around 50% a little dim for me , I can easily get over 8 hour of battery . When at 100% brightness , I believe the battery life is more around 7 hour and so I have decided to keep my screen brightness around 70 75% and I have seen 7 . 5 8 hour of use on this setting while this C720P is brand new . This is based on pretty regular usage which consists of some YouTube video playing with sound , casual web browsing/email , and taking note with Google Drive . When charging up from extremely low battery , it takes roughly 2 hour to get fully charged which I am happy with . I will try to continue to update the battery life if I notice it being any different or changing on me over time or in different situation . After doing MORE battery testing from having this device even longer , I am seeing very good Number by this C720P in its early life . In class taking note on Google Drive , I was able to see 8 hour of screen time . I say 8 because I believe it was 8 hour 20 minute and possibly a little more up to 8 . 5 hour . This is with screen brightness around 65% which for me is adequate for note taking/light browsing . I will continue to update as my usage increase and time goes on . Why get a Chromebook ? For me , I am taking this to class each day and taking note from my college professor . I type much faster than I write and this helps me get more information into my note before moving to the next PowerPoint slide . This is a lightweight , small , easy to use device . It turn on very quickly , type well , and the touch screen make it cooler but yet you are only spending 300 . This device is great especially as a secondary computer for just doing stuff on the Internet or taking to meeting , classe , etc . I don't have to put any anti virus software on it or any extra program so what you pay for the device is essentially all you pay for . Chromebook are , in my opinion , sort of between a tablet and a full laptop because they are not either . They are like a laptop in that they look and act like a laptop which is great because I just like having a track pad and keyboard attached to a screen/touchscreen . This device has 1 USB 3 . 0 port , 1 USB 2 . 0 port , HDMI out port , SD card slot , headphone port , a space where you can insert a cable to secure the Chromebook to a table or desk to avoid being stolen , really convenient button along the top row of the keyboard for back , forward , refresh , full screen mode , change page , brightness , and volume . They are like a tablet in that they cannot technically do everything your typical laptop can . They don't install program they install app from the Chrome web store and they do not have a CD drive although more and more laptop are getting rid of their CD drive . I really like Chrome o which is what this device run instead of window 8 or Mac o X . It is simple , quick , easy to use and get used to , and I really like that about it and another big reason I went with a Chromebook . Update to come : Performance : Still doing some testing on this and I will update after a few day of both regular and heavy use . Comment and let me know what else you are interested in knowing about through my review and I will update that as well ! For those that have the device/are ordering , here are some tip and trick I have found using the unique touch screen : 1 . Swipe your finger from the left side of the screen over to the right and release this will act as a back button . 2 . Swipe your finger from the right side of the screen over to the left and release this will act as a forward button . 3 . Touch the minimize browser square in the top right of the screen , swipe down and release . This will minimize your browser by using the touch screen . 4 . Using the same square in the top right of your browser screen , you can touch it and swipe left to put the page to the left of the screen . 5 . Using that same square again , swipe right to put your current browser page on only the right half of the screen . This is nice because for me , it really cover just half of the screen great if needing to multitask . 6 . Swipe up on the top right square and it will maximize your browser page . 
  To be honest , I am very new to the chromebook world however after only a few hour of using this machine I am instantly hooked !  ! I currently have an old dell inspiron and MacBook 2008 so this was a big leap for me . My primary goal with this unit is to work online when needed and occasionally write document and basic project for my young kid 3 & 6 . Shipping : Took a few day longer than expected but despite the cold temperature , the unit came undamaged and was sealed properly as I would expect it to be . Unboxing : Chromebook was operational within 3 4 second of pressing the power button and battery life showed almost 80% right from the start . Everything was included as it should be and all item worked when plugged in . Screen : I have seen some reviewer complain about a blue tint on the screen however I did not notice that . I realize this is not a pixel or MacBook etc but for the cost I am extremely pleased with the screen thus far . I used the laptop in low light and with full overhead light yet no issue for me on this front . Sound : I wasn't blown away by the sound when I was on ESPN however I have external Speaker so I am not overly concerned with that . If I need to use the sound for an educational game or youtube then the internal Speaker should suffice but I think you could do yourself a favor and purchase a Bluetooth speaker I have bose sound link mini and it is amazing . Keyboard / Track pad : This was a major point of contention for me before the unboxing because of my experience with my brother's Samsung chromebook . I hated that track pad and was concerned this would come off as flimsy and cheap . I am glad to report that my fear was unjustified and I was actually pleasantly surprised with how natural and easy it felt to use this . I didn't get the feeling of a lesser unit while typing and clicking the pad . So far so good ! Touchscreen : I had to keep telling myself this isn't a tablet and be careful when pressing the screen . I guess for me this takes some time getting used to however the screen was very responsive when I clicked on the toolbar or highlighted certain thing and clicked on a link etc . For 299 to have a touchscreen that work I am extremely happy !  ! I was able to put my usb drive in easily and my word document opened up EXACTLY as they had with my Dell . So all of my saved file that I intend to transfer to the C720p look like they will be intact and that is an added bonus . Again , I am new to the google side of thing but overall I am happy with my experience and going forward I anticipate the chromebook will continue to make major headway over Microsoft and possibly certain apple laptop which are nice but way overpriced IMO . Con : My only real issue so far is that I wish this came with 4gb of memory as opposed to 2gb . It certainly isn't a deal breaker for me but it is nice to have that option . I was able to open 5 tab and didn't feel the performance lagged for me . I have not tried using chromecast yet and hope that this model will suffice when using the cast . I will update once I have had a chance to merge the 2 together I am sure an update with this model will come in the next 4 6 month but for now this laptop does what I need it to and I love this purchase . 
  What can I say other then i love it and Acer did good with this one . Not going to try and scare anyone off but this is a budget minded laptop , keep that in mind . That said , the touchscreen responds great , it's booting up in second , browsing is faster then my Samsung netbook and Lenovo Thinkpad work computer . I'm more then satisfied with the resolution it not the best' but is very nice for this price point . I bought this to replace my netbook since most of what i due is web surfing . Is this a great first or second computer ? Sure it is using it as my primary . buyer just need to keep in mind , know what you need and buy it I get frustrated over review when someone knocks a product for everything they can't do with it , when there computing need weren't aligned with buying the product anyway . If a chromebook fit your need , you can't go wrong with the C720p . 
  I'm a former Apple fan boy who has always been forced to used window everywhere and pretended to like it . This is now my third Chromebook to purchase . I have the ultra chic and really pricey Chromebook Pixel and love it .  .  . but I got this Acer C720P for an employee of mine and have now started buying them for my parent and other people as gift because they're such a tremendous value for the money . Everything's great , from the keyboard to the screen to the Speaker . I have to say , Speaker are so important to me on a small computer , and these are AMAZING , cranking out really loud , rich sound that doesn't distort . For those of you considering a switch to Chrome o , just do it ! I haven't looked back once , have traveled to half a dozen countrie with my Chromebook , and have never had a problem . Everything I do is online anyway , and there are offline version of Gmail and Google sheet .  .  . but then again , I've pretty much never been without a connection anywhere .  .  . and if I am without a wi fi connection , I create one from my phone , or I just use my phone , or I rent a 4G/Wi Fi hotspot in other countrie sometimes free if you rent a place through airbnb in a lot of countrie , otherwise about 5 10/day if you rent one at a foreign airport . And as you know , more and more of google's app are usable offline . Everything work through Chrome , you can store file locally but just as easily save to your Google drive on the cloud .  .  . at this price , I think I'm getting something that would/should be over 1000 .  .  . and something that wasn't even imaginable a few year ago .  .  . if you told me there'd be a lightweight , touchscreen computer , with 8 hour of battery life for this price I never would have believed it . If you then told me that I'd never have to worry about the thing getting viruse and all my doc would be stored online , I'd never believe you . I used to have panic thinking about backup and what happens if I lose , forget , or have my computer stolen .  .  . not anymore .  .  . I'm sold , I'm sold , I'm sold . Once you try one , you'll want to buy other for friend and family .  .  . plus it's Amazon , you can try it for a while and if you don't like it , return it .  .  .  . but I think you'll love it . And before anyone gets negative about anything , remember you're talking about some amazing feature for an extremely attractive price .  .  . you should be highly supportive of anything that is such a game changer as this computer , because the competition brings about new feature and lower price and helps consumer everywhere . You'll love it . Side by side next to a macbook air , this has it beat hand down when you consider pricing and feature .  .  . and with the extra money you have two people can book a week trip to Hawaii including airfare if you shop your trip out right .  .  . 
  I just recently joined the world of google with my purchase of the Acer C720P chromebook . I won u2019t bombard you with a bunch of technical talk about what make the hardware so much better than another comparable product , because frankly it doesn u2019t answer the question , u201cis it right for me ? u201d I have had the same Toshiba laptop for the past four year , and with me getting tired of the constant lag behind of doing simple task , i decided to purchase this chromebook . When I purchased it , I was well aware of what I was getting . I did not feel like shelling out twice as much money for material I know I will never use . With that being said , know that I use my computer for average web surfing and homework . I do not play a ton of game or watch a ton of video , my usage of these product are very limited . If this at all sound like you , than this chromebook is for you . The keyboard : Has a nice spacing out , and while some dislike the u201cchiclity u201d type key , I feel they are sturdy enough to handle the most common bit of word processing . Hitting the shift button while trying to capitalize certain letter has gotten be hitting the arrow button , but that may just be my inexperience . There is no function key , which someone who has had a chromebook before probably knows this already . I do like the easy access to volume adjustment at the top of the keyboard . Overall , it Feel just like a keyboard , I can type on it comfortably , so this really isn u2019t a deal breaker . The touchpad : Is what threw me off at first , I am used to the touchpad with the left and right click button . This touch pad has an integrated button so it is something new , as convenient as that may be , I have been having trouble with the u201cright click . u201d Otherwise , I do not feel any lag when I use it , but I did have to adjust the touchpad speed , but that is just a preference . Software : It run on googleOS .  . DUH . So it doesn u2019t leave as many option to have your special program and application like some other o . Though you can run Ubuntu I have decided that it really isn u2019t that big of a deal to me . The common application , google doc and other thing I would need for my homework is just as easy , for me , to use as microsoft office . It is just like other Chromebook , so that would sum that up . The screen : At time the deal breaker , I know I u2019m paying 300 dollar for the entire product , that the screen was not going to be outstanding . I am however , extremely impressed . Like I mentioned before , I don u2019t plan to do much video watching but this screen is better than the one than my old laptop , which at the time cost around the same price . The touchscreen just sweetens up the deal . It work effortlessly and have not experienced any kind of problem , except for the occasional clicking on the wrong thing , but i did that on my 250 tablet . Overall : This was probably the best 300 I have ever spent . It is perfect for what I will use it for . Virtually silent until you lay your head next to the SSD . The screen while not being the LED screen you may want , well worth what you paid for . I look at it as the price of the tablet , but with that you are getting an attached keyboard and 100GB free on google drive for two year . This is a great school chromebook and business chromebook , and anyone who is looking to just do some homework and web surfing would love . Just know , you are not getting the top of the line laptop , but you are getting a high quality piece of equipment with no bloatware and no worrie . I plan on looking at chromebook in the future . 
  I preordered this Chromebook 720p and I recieved it about a week ago . It blow my mind for what it is . I used the netbook when they originally came out with the Triple EEE PC and the intel atom processor . I apprecaited what they were trying to accomplish but they always felt lacking to me . This chromebook Feel complete . PRO'S*The speed , Quicker than my friend samsung chromebook's . *Build quality , Everyone seems to hate on acer , but for the price the quality is great . *The screen , Maybe my eye aren't great , but for how small a screen it is , It look wonderful . *The size . *Touch screen work well . *Can install unbuntu . *The battery lifeCON'S*They need more app for what I like , but that's a personal Preference . I'm going to give this laptop 5 star , I'm going to be doing a good bit of travling in the next couple month . If it doesn't hold up or something break I will update this review but for now . The rating stand . I couldn't be happier . 
  I purchased the Acer C720P and have been using it since early December . It has been a really great computer to use and , in some way , it has become my main computer that I use now . Pro : Very fast performanceBoot is secondsTouchscreenUltra quietFully charge in ~1 hourLong battery lifeCon : Viewing angle are just OKSound is tinny This is a great computer . However , it is a Chromebook and as such , people considering it for purchase should be aware that this is Google's chromeo and not a window system . If you use many of Google's service , as I do , you will feel right at home with chromeo . For those of you not familiar with chromeo , it is an operating system based on Google's Chrome browser and it requires an internet connection for optimal use . So , if you are looking for a system in this price range to browse the web , check e mail , make video call Google Hangout , NOT Skype and some other light computing , this is probably on of the best value available . There are no program to load , so you simply log in with your Google account and you are good to go . Google has made Gmail , doc , sheet , and slide available for offline use although , I must admit , it was a little tougher than I expected to get doc , sheet and slide setup for offline use . Google gives you 100GB of cloud storage for two year when you purchase the Chromebook . The C720P has a touchscreen and I find myself using the touchscreen for scrolling webpage and navigating though webpage . I discovered accidentally that you can move webpage back or forward by simply swiping your finger across the screen ! Really cool ! This can also be done be sliding both finger across the trackpad . If you have any need for installed app such as m Office and Office Web app do not meet your need , Photoshop , or other program , then perhaps a Chromebook is not for you . Otherwise , as long as you know what chromeo can and cannot do , I believe this is one of the best Chromebook available today . 4/19/2014 Update I purchased this Chromebook since it was released and I am feeling the need to update this initial review now that I have been using it for a while . The Acer 720P has become my daily driver while I am on the road and even at home . Since the Chromebook was released , Google has updated chromeo multiple time , adding in supervised user and also pinch to zoom , which is great for the touchscreen ! Battery life is very solid and the 7 . 5 hour they quote is real as long as you stay with Acer's default brightness setting . If you increase brightness , battery is closer to 5 7 hour depending on how bright you set it . The main thing I appreciate about this Chromebook is its performance . It is pretty snappy and , after 5 month of use , it live up to Google's claim of only getting better . There has not been any noticeable degradation in performance of the Acer C720P . 
  I purchased this to work with my chromecast and get email and basic thing done while traveling . The 1 . 4 GHz Haswell chip does well at video on the computer screen but wasn't able to properly display on the chromecast . Overall , the Acer computer is a very fast , responsive and nicely displayed computer . The touch screen , is still difficult for small object and doesn't always respond to double touching to enable a link . However , the track pad work perfect so anything you can't do on the touch is easily overcome . Overall , this is a very cool computer for the price and it does quite a bit for the cost . I'm buying one for my Mom for christma and it will do everything she need . I suspect HP , Samsung and asu will each come out with a similar device some time next year . They will likely be slightly more fashionable with bigger screen . I just can't wait that long . 1/16/14 Just an update , after several month of use . The Chromebook work amazing and is able to chromecast in the lower resolution no problem . Many application are taking on the chrome casting feature within the application . Battery life is awesome . I purchased another one for my Mom and she absolutely loves it . Very easy to use . One issue is downloading movie , I haven't tried to pin them from play store but am anticipating issue . enjoy
  I already own the Samsung Chromebook and just love it . Since 98 percent of my IT work is online and web based , I don't require window for much of anything . My main computer is actually a Macbook Pro which has parallel and window 8 installed so the Samsung Chromebook was the new kid on the block . The only thing missing from it was the touch factor and this Acer C720P completes thing . Comparing the two , the ACER is a little heavier but Feel more solid to hold in your hand , partially due to the screen/glass being very solid . The Samsung however is a little thinner and Feel like you have a Macbook Air in your hand . it even look like an air . But this review is about the Acer Touchscreen .  .  . the out of box experience was painless as in all Chromebook , so long as you have a google account who doesn't these day . You sign in and everything is there for you . The charge time is short .  . less than 60 minute I should say maybe 55 minute . The up time so far has been easily 8 hour if not 9 .  . I failed to keep track exactly and have yet to run completely dry , although it is a good idea to let it run down at least once a month and then charge fully to get the max life out of your battery . Even if these Batterie are not supposed to get a memory , the over all life will be much longer if you do drain it completely . I am a firm believer is simply using the device . Whether it is on a desk and plugged in all day does not matter , nor does it hurt the battery because there are then day I will use nothing but battery . Since you do get a full day on the battery , you can of course use it that way but if it is on your desk , having the unit plugged in will only help from having the screen sleep as often , not that a simple swipe of the touch pad is that difficult . So should you be buying this unit compared to the Samsung for example ? YE , absolutely ! As much as I love my Samsung , I do really wish it had a touchscreen , simply because the more I use a laptop with touchscreen , the more I find myself reaching out to use it on a non touch device like my MacPro or Samsung Chromebook . The key are full sized and have are raised a little higher than on the Samsung , but easier to press so if that is an issue for you .  .  . The touchpad measure the same width but a little narrower than the Samsung , not that this is an issue since you have the touchscreen as well , but the touchpad is as sensitive as you make it and the same gesture as other Chromebook . Speed is and always has been amazingly great on these unit .  . in fact as the upgrade happen the speed increase as well . What other operating system does that ? Certainly not window ! If you are on the fence about chromebook because you use window for office item , you should get off of it the fence because the Google Docs/Drive is great and only getting better . YE , you can use it offline so stop worrying .  . add the bonus feature of gogo inflight and additional drive space for 2 year .  . that pretty much mean you are getting a computer for under 100 so what are you waiting for ?  ! 
  Let me first start by complementing Amazon on their stellar Customer Service . I had an issue with the shipping of this product , and I had a response and solution to my problem within 20 minute of emailing them . If you want an abridged version , scroll to the bottom . I tend to ramble . Much research led me to expect an average quality experience due to many professional reviewer not Amazon customer review giving the idea that this product somehow suffered from issue such as poor screen angle visibility , average keyboard response etc . In hindsight , these reviewer are displaying snobbery and entitlement issue . Keeping in mind that this product is a 300 bare bone laptop , I can truthfully say that I am thoroughly impressed by both the quality of the hardware , and the extreme fluidity and ease of use of the Chrome o . At this price , one cannot expect much , but at any price , it is rare that a product exceeds expectation . Acer has proven that they can cut cost without impinging too much on the usability of a product . Make no mistake though , this is not a bell and whistle computer . If you want glass touchpad , aluminum framing and a computer of such high pedigree that it run off of caviar , look elsewhere . The C720P is a utility device in every way , but it provides everything a student such as myself need without any extra fluff that serves little other than to perpetuate the consumer dogma . The Keyboard is responsive and sturdy with good tactile feedback and travel . It is functionally equivalent to the highest end laptop keyboard except that it does not have a back light and the texture is less smooth to the touch . Neither of these affect how the keyboard actually performs however . It is full sized and sacrifice no usability . The chassis is made of a durable plastic that does not flex . While it may seem less impressive than aluminum bodie , there is little functional difference between the two . The visual appearance is generic aptly reflecting the overall utilitarian theme of the C720P . Where many computer make sacrifice to cover cost is within the screen technology . screen are the single most costly component of any laptop , and it goes without saying that you can't produce a 300 laptop without concession in this area . As such , the screen is quite basic , but it meets all requirement . The resolution is fine enough to do anything you'd do with any other computer . Spoiled eye will notice a large difference that may take time to get used to , but it is perfectly acceptable for movie , reading , and typing . The brightness is also quite fine . There are review reflecting negatively on it's lower brightness compared to other laptop , but in practice , it is quite sufficient . Sometimes having a brighter screen can actually be harder on the eye anyway . Viewing angle are a bit small and in general , the screen is where the cost cutting show through . It's not an amazing screen , but for 300 you get a good display . As a final note about the screen , the touch ability is just right . It work very well . Anyone familiar with touch device will find themselves right at home . Where the C720P stand above even high end laptop is in battery life . The best word to describe the battery life is Beastly . You'll easily get 6 hour out of this thing no matter what you do . I've been using mine for 6 hour already watching video , remote controlling my desktop computer , doing homework , typing this review , installing app .  . you name it . I am currently showing as having over 5 hour still remaining . No doubt there are people out there who could drain it into the ground , but as an excited first day owner , I've used it extensively and the battery is just waking up . Much of the battery performance is due to very low energy hardware . The spec on this machine are very low . Many people may fear that this mean it will chug along like a drunkard at a beer fest , but I can tell you without doubt that the power is more than adequate . I've had no slow down or performance issue with anything . Much of this is due to the efficiency of Chrome o , but Acer has also opted to put the value where it matter by maximizing meaningful performance . Finally , the purpose for any Chromebook and the star behind the screen would be the Chrome o . Make no mistake , hater discounting it as nothing but a browser are sorely mistaken . I use Linux , io , OSX , and window 7 and 8 . Now , Chrome is hand down my favorite due to its simplicity and effectiveness . Gone are the day of searching for window in the background or juggling screen swapping feature . When all of your computing is organized in tab , immediately and constantly updated , and your hardware doesn't have to hold a cumbersome o over its head every waking moment , thing come together so fluidly that I am amazed no one has done this sooner . Even on my desktop , chrome browser is where I spend most of my time . It's not because of choice but because it is just so darn efficient to do thing with google where I can as opposed to a stagnant , cumbersome o . Are other o obsolete then ? Not yet . As senior Engineering student , I still require the use of dedicated installation type of software for heavy work , but for anything else , this is an effective replacement . However , the ease with which I can do graph , make calculation , compose spreadsheet , write word document , form and organize to do list , make complete display project from scratch , and even use installed software through remote desktop functionality simple as a few button click no lie , it becomes obvious just how insightful Google has been . Apple and Microsoft have reason to fear . Acer too deserves praise . They recognized an opportunity by being the first one to develop hardware specifically for Google's o . It's a decision that will most certainly reward them going forward . It helps that their product is a superb piece of hardware at its price point . The C720P is snappy and durable . While the spec may not seem like much , remember that Chrome o requires but a fraction of the hardware support to run . Pound for Pound , Chrome o is hand down the most efficient o and the stat on this product are more than sufficient to run it at full capacity . ****Abridged Version Below****I firmly recommend the Acer C720P as an outstanding product at 300 dollar
  Amazon's price for the 720P on 1/11/14 399 is 100 higher than Best Buy's normal , non sale , price 299 . Some of Amazon's third party merchant will price gouge if they think they can get away with it . I am returning my 720P . It is a nice unit , in many Regard , but its WIFI reception is too unreliable . Google Acer 720 WIFI disconnect problem to get a broader view of the issue or non issue . The WIFI reception may be a problem for many user or may only be a problem for a few if you sell a lot of unit , a low percentage of problem machine sold to a low percentage of user can generate a lot of complaint . Regardless , my 720P's unreliable WIFI reception is a problem for me . In one situation , I have just given up trying to use it as it spends more time disconnected than connected . Meanwhile , the laptop next to me are working like a charm . in other situation , my 720 work fine . Acer forum have advice for those who have connection issue , some of which includes reconfiguring your router or your computer or both , advice which has met with mixed result and which didn't help me at all . I need this machine to work in multiple situation with multiple router and I am not about to ask if I can try reconfigure someone else's router when it is working perfectly for them . Nor do I want to mess around with my router when it work perfectly with every other wireless unit in the house . Nor am I interested in messing around fruitlessly re setting the internal setting of a computer I purchased for its simplicity and ease of use . I don't know what the problem is with my 720's WIFI . Nor do I care . Someone else can figure it out . I am returning mine . Bear in mind , I am reporting my experience with a particular 720P . Other people , most , it appears , are quite pleased with theirs . But , my review need to be based on my experience , not that of other . If report of poor WIFI reception and irritating disconnect prove to be rare , then there is little to be concerned about . But , if you order one , it would be prudent to check its WIFI performance out at several likely location while you are still within your return window . The spotty WIFI reception is my only issue with this computer , but , unfortunately , without a WIFI connection , it is useless to me . 
  I actually bought this on Acer website . But , thought my review will help other on Amazon . I have had the original CR 48 chromebook from Google sent free 3 yr ago . It revolutionized the way we use home computer . I had to choose another chromebook , for sure , as I knew I was not going to get the battery life , performance , durability , reliability from a window machine with the web only use , which is what chromebook is meant for . I did a lot of study and on different manufacturer for a chromebook . This Acer 720P ended up being my choice . First , I have to commend Acer for many thing . I ordered on the morning of Dec 23 . It was in my hand next day , on christma Eve . Acer offered free overnight shipping along with 10% discount on that day . I only paid 285 incl . tax . Also , they probably charged the laptop full . Because when I opened it , it was 80% full . I never expected to have it that soon and that service from Acer . This computer totally exceeded my expectation .  . Keyboard : Feel great with rugged feel on the button .  . Trackpad : I have had trackpad issue when lower part of thumb were touching and taking the mouse/focus somewhere on the screen . No such issue on this one . The size seems to be right for my fast keyboard typing .  . Screen : I was impressed on the quality , for the price . It is not matted look , like I had with CR 48 . CR 48 was 13 . 4 which was little larger than this one .  . Weight : Lightest you can get . Just 2 . 4lb . This was one of main criteria to buy a mobile laptop . Feel good in hand and to carry it around . Construction : The base/keyboard Feel nice and sturdy . The back of the screen is pasticy , but that does not impact the use of it . It helps keep the laptop from tipping over with light weight . You do not touch it while using the laptop anyway .  . Sound : Awesome . I have not had a laptop that sounded as good as this one . Acer did an excellent job on this one .  . Google goodie : Always welcome . port : I wanted HDMI for sure . Not many lightweight laptop offered it . This had it along with USB . I wanted the ability to connect to an external HDMI device . So , this was perfect .  . Touch : I was really impressed with the touch capabilitie of the screen . It is as good as a top of the line tablet . No issue in using it so far .  . Performance : Did not see any slowdown when using heavy website . Scrolling was smooth , and page loaded faster .  . Memory : I preferred the 4GB version but that has not been available from Acer or Amazon for a long time . So , settled with 2 GB . Not sure if that would be a constraint during the lifetime of this machine . But , so far , the machine is handling anything I throw at it .  . Battery : We hate to keep the laptop for charging in the middle of the day . This is another criteria for me to last the battery all day long . I did not run out of the battery yet . When I fully charge it , it says 11 : 30 hr , which was awesome ! I have been using it for 3/4 hr now , playing video locally and on Chromecast , it is now at 85% full , with 7 : 17hr left . Could not be happier .  . Chromecast : This was the surprise for me . The youtube casting to the TV was instantly HD quality and very smooth . With CR 48 , the casting took sometime to get to decent quality . That show that the performance of this Acer is much better . This is only the first day of my use with this machine . I will update as I use it . At this point , I am excited to have this chromebook for the price I paid and the feature it came with . 
  I've been in love with the idea of a Chromebook for a long time , and recently I picked up the original C720 , which has the same Haswell processor as this model but 4 gig of memory and no touch screen . It was unbelievably light , and a friend of mine commented at the time that she'd be afraid it might break too easily . Lo and behold , a few day later the screen developed some strange sort of tear in the upper corner , which needless to say was frustrating , especially given that I'd had the computer for maybe a week at most . I returned it to Amazon , waited a couple of week and ordered another , but as soon as I unboxed this one I could see a section of the screen visibly vibrating whenever the screen was moved around , as if it weren't properly constructed or something was loose behind it . I returned that one as well , and after having screen problem with two separate C720 I decided that perhaps this wasn't the computer for me . week later , I got wind of this new model , and after using it for a couple of day I can say that my concern about sturdiness have all been solved . The touchscreen make the monitor rock solid , and though the entire computer is a bit heavier as a result , it's still much lighter than pretty much any other laptop you could buy . It's silent and has ton of battery life I can mistakenly leave mine on and come back to find it still up and running several hour later . Though it only has 2gig of memory , as opposed to the 4gig you could get on a cheaper model , you're probably not going to be doing anything too memory intensive on it anyway . If you're in the market for a Chromebook , I'd say this is probably the best model on the market . 
  Initial impression : Fast fast fast . laggy performance on my Samsung was starting to really bother me Nice build qualityThe dark grey look great but does leave Fingerprint easilyLove the screen , seems much more bright and clearKey have a nice slight tactile feel with good resistanceSpeaker are really loud and sound great this was surprising The touchscreen work as advertised have not really tested it that much Battery is still at %90 after two hour unplugged with ~80% brightness and constant music ~%40 max vol . I would get this for the build quality and the speed improvement alone over the Samsung . Overall , if you are a Chromebook person , you will be happy with the Acer C720P . 
  I had an old yet faithful Acer Aspire One I used for school and work . She gave me almost four year of flawless service , but , alas , she earned retirement last year , when my university gave me an ipad . Of course , the ipad is a nice little machine , but I can't work with my ipad because the limitation of the platform made by Apple forbids me to do so . So after barely a semester I was already looking for a replacement machine . Bear in mind I didn't want a big heavy machine to work at school or teach my studen . I already have a big , bad , mean machine on my desktop for all my work . So I started looking for a machine that could allow me to work on the go , play some music , watch video while on the bus back home , and show presentation to my student , but it should have high battery life , low weight , a reasonably big screen and cheap . After a while , I had narrowed down my option to an asu convertible with window 8 . 1 , a Samsung Galaxy Tab and another Acer Aspire . Then I noticed this chromebook's sister , the C720 . I started reading review , and comparing other chromebook model . My colleague hated the very concept of the chromebook . I embraced it . After all , I spent almost all my day online , except when I need to work in AutoCAD . I remember trying to work in AutoCAD in Clarice , my old machine , but it was a frustrating experience . Hannibal , my desktop , is a lot more suited for that task . So if I took AutoCAD out of the equation , the chromebook looked better and better . Then I saw the C720P had touchscreen , and I said she will be mine , oh , YE , she will be mine . So I purchase her . Ada is a fine piece of computing . I am totally in love with my chromebook . She has great battery life , Chrome o work like a charm , the battery life is outstanding , the wifi gets signal my ipad can't , and all she lacks is a VGA port , which is good because VGA is an outdated technology . However , I had to buy a converter for the HDMI port , so the projector in the classroom still work . The keyboard is nice , responsive , and has a good tactile feedback . The trackpad is a little piece of win : it actually has a button under it , so you can click instead of tap .  .  . and you can tap too . It is multipoint , so you can scroll with two finger or call the contextual menu , kinda right click on a common mouse . The USB port are 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 , and work with everything you need but printer . The integrated camera does a nice job for videoconference . The audio could be a little more powerful , though . The SD card support high speed card too . And of course , the HDMI offer hd video . And the screen . The screen . I am SO glad I got the c720p instead of the c720 . I use the touchpad all the time , but there are moment , when I am typing fast and furious , where I lost where my pointer is . Or I want to scroll a little bit . Or to press OK . Thank to the touchscreen , I actually press the OK button . It is just like having a big tablet . Almost 30 centimetre measured diagonally of touchscreen . Sadly , Ada's screen is glossy , so it is difficult to see when I try to work outside I prefer to have lunch on the shadow of a nice tree and enjoy the fresh air .  .  . if there is such thing when living in a big city . Anyway , the screen , when indoors , look beautiful . All in all , I've managed to get 6 hour of online work and eight hour of offline work out of this machine . Hell , Ada has been working since five o'clock and , at the time I'm writing this , one in the morning , she still have two and a half hour to go . Then there come the quirk . Of course , the chromebook need internet to work as it was designed . But there are moment in your life where you are disconnected , you want it or not . This generation of Chromebook has pretty good offline capabilitie ; yesterday I worked on a couple document , a spreadsheet and a presentation , while listening music , all offline . Then I got online , added a few image , and sync'd everything in my google drive automagically and Google got me a hundred gigabyte free for two year , so I don't need to save everything in Ada's 32 GB SSD . I printed my work and went to class , Ada still working happily . Because you can't plug a printer , but you can print . I have an HP P1606 laser printer connected to the network , and she use HP's eprint . So does the chromebook . It print exactly as you see it in the screen . Of course , the offline mode doesn't work exactly as online , but it work pretty well . I miss the ability to add image while offline , but I'm sure Google will fix that sooner or later . You can have window , lot of them , and tab , also lot of them . You can even maximize , minimize , and pin a window to the desktop . The file manager is a lot on the quick and dirty coding , so it is fairly simple , but it work . Oh , and do you remember what I said about AutoCAD ? AutoCAD 360 work like a charm while online , and while offline it allows you to show your drawing . And Autodesk Homestyler also work on chromeo . So does Flash , so I can watch video and sport matche from site whose player still use Flash . All Chromebook lack Java support , so I can't watch a couple webcam I used to watch , but I also recognize Java is a security risk and the only legitimate program I use with java is a calculator , so I can live without it . One last thing . You can't really compare this machine with a full fledged window machine . It's not its league . I wanted a machine that does simple task but do them fine : the chromebook simply work and boot up in no time eight second , top . I wanted a machine to do _less_ , not one to do _more_ . So I am in love with my chromebook . It just work . 
  I own the Acer 720C with the 320GB HDD and 4GB , so I was concerned that I'd be stepping down to the 720P with only 2GB and 32GB SSD . But having the touch screen seemed to override my concern . The new Chromebook is housed in an all plastic case , but it is by no mean cheap feeling . It has a solid feel and does not flex unless pushed really hard . I carry it daily and so far , no issue with it being fragile . Performance : With only 2GB , I figured I'd see a drop in performance under heavy load .  .  . I'm happy to report that that is not the case . After I completed the setup , I loaded all my normal goodie and started Gmail , G , Google News etc .  . plus opened 15 or so tab with my favorite Chrome o site . No lag ! I opened Netflix , logged in and started a HD movie .  .  . still no lag . So overall , I'd say for the average user , 2GB won't be an issue . Touch : Not all application support touch , but certainly web browsing and most game support touch . The screen is smooth not etched to the touch and responds without having to double touch to make thing happen . Drag / drop work great for the app that support it . Battery : My 720C suffered from a less than 4 hour battery life . So far , I'm getting 7 8 hour of use before a recharge is needed on the 720P . This is to say that is not 100% use for the 7 8 hour , but certainly I would call it heavy use . Stand by time is about 1 . 5 to 2 day , depending on use . Charging fully takes about 2 hour from the AC charger . The only single complaint I will make is the SD slot is not a FULL slot . The SD card hang about half way out V . full insertion on the 720C . Not a huge deal , but it make portability a bit less . All the other port work fine , I did not have any issue hooking up to the TV via HDMI or external hard drive by the USB 2/3 port . Overall , I'm glad I purchased the 720P . It is fast , lasts all day and does everything I need . Highly recommended !  ! UPDATE : After 2 week of use , all I can say is Fantastic .  .  . run all day long , fast , touch is great , no lag with heavy use . No issue with camera , touch screen .  .  . again , just wish the SD slot was a full size . Other point I'd make is this does not have a VGA port like the 720C so hooking up to TV/Monitor is only with HDMI . None of my monitor support HDMI , but it work great on the TV and no issue with Chromecast . 
  Love the idea of a Chromebook and have been waiting a couple year for the right fit to come along . The Acer 720p with the touchscreen finally Hit the sweet spot and for the money , I don't think there is a better value proposition out there . I get that there are a bunch of tablet competing with this machine , but there's just something about having a real keyboard and a touchscreen that make for a very compelling experience . The Haswell processor is perfect for this Chromebook , and so far , performance seems more very strong . window open quickly , video play smoothly , as do my music file . Battery life is absolutely fantastic ! There are plenty of app out there to meet my need . Bluetooth and Wifi radio seem very robust . Keyboard and touchpad are more than adequate . Build quality is just fine . Speaker are a little tinny , but much better than on my 5 year old MacBook . Overall I'm very pleased and after three day of use , I can highly recommend this Chromebook , especially if you are into the Google ecosystem . 
  I love this little computer . I had one of the older samsung Chromebook based off the original CR 48 Chromebook . It showed me that I could be productive , but the performance left a lot to be desired . Video's stuttered , sometimes network performance was slow and on occasion it would lock up for a few minute . Fast forward to this little gem .  .  . The ACER's screen is about the same size as the Samsung's 12 screen , the color of the Samsung is warmer and better , and the keyboard key of the Samsung feel firmer and make for a better typing experience but that's where its Advantage end . The Acer is faster , show youtube 1440HD video without stuttering , I can open as many tab as I need , and although I WANT the 4GB of memory , from the earlier Acer , I am really not missing/noticing the any performance lapse because of the reduced memory . As a matter of fact the ACER outperforms the Samsung on every level except the afore mentioned keyboard/screen quality . The acer has Bluetooth , USB 3 . 0 , SD card slot AND 32GB SSD , and a touch screen . I thought the touch screen was a bit gimmicky initially but after you find a few Google app that use it you see that the touch screen has real value . Most notably app like Cut the Rope where getting the right motion/timing is important . Its so useful that when I use my Samsung again I find I miss not having the touch screen for scrolling through picture , and opening app , etc .  .  . Microsoft really , really need to be nervous about Google , and its Chromebook , especially now that some of the app like Google doc and game like Cut the Rope , can be used without a network . Add the bonus of 2 year of 100GB of storage 120 , 10 gogo passe 100 and one extra month of google music 10 , and the hardware is pretty much free . Also Google Continue to update the o . My older Samsung is at the same software revision as the Acer C720P . On the Samsung I would notice a slowness with the computer when the Update were downloading , on the Acer I notice no such slowness . As a matter of fact when I see the update sign at the bottom of the screen , I stop what I am doing and reboot so that I can see the new , sometimes subtle goodies/feature from Google . This beat the pant off of a m update , which while automatic will reboot my pc with a 15 minute warning , whether I am ready or not . Simply put the Chromebook are very very easy to live with . Anyrate , if could only have two device this would be the second one after my Android phone . YE I like this better than the tablet I have . 
  I have never written a review of any of my many Amazon purchase , but I'm doing so for the Acer C720P Chromebook that I recently purchased . I also purchased an asu Transformer running window 8 at the same time , and for me , there is no comparison between the two . The Chromebook is fast , responsive and easy to use . Google doc work well offline , so for need , this is a great unit with excellent value . The Transformer seems very sluggish , and when used as a tablet with the keyboard detached , it was not a pleasant experience . Now the only issue I have is whether or not the Chromebook will replace my iPad ! 
  Hi guy , this will not be a long review . I just want to make it quick . Pro : Touchscreen gives extra life to many app and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoe not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 day of free Google Play Music All Access Better Speaker than last model3D game run smoothlyCon : Not the greatest designTrack pad Feel awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional .  .  . I recommend and give 5 start to this Laptop because for the price you will not find a more powerful and decent PC than this .  .  . The touchscreen is EXTREMELY responsive and accurate . I have other 4 Chromebook Samsung Chromebook , HP Chromebook 11 , This model but non touchscreen and the previous Acer Chromebook model and I would definitely say that this is the best Chromebook on the market . Any question add them in the comment bellow .  .  . 
  Overall , I'm happy with the performance of the Acer 720P and I'm satisfied with this purchase . I'll mention a few Pro and Con : Pro : start up in second .  .  . like , maybe five second . Keyboard has a good feel . Maintains its speed even with multiple tab open . Outstanding battery life . Unless I'm streaming video , I regularly get more than the 7 . 5 hour they claim . For non video web browsing or when working on a document I'd estimate I average more than 9 hour between charge . charge full in very little time . Also , it charge pretty quickly even when you're charging while watching video online . Con : Some of these will sound like nitpicking , I realize , but still .  .  . No backlit key . Until you know the keyboard layout and have learned shortcut key combination , having backlit key would be a major plus . Limited viewing angle . You really have to adjust either the display angle or your body position to get a clean image . Huge amount of glare when used in an area where the light is behind you . I assume this is a function of the material used for the touch screen . Touchpad occasionally goes unresponsive for vertical scrolling or for moving the pointer / cursor . This is where having the touchscreen pays off , because the screen is reliably responsive to finger gesture for swiping , scrolling , and clicking check boxe . I've found that the touchpad work again if you just shut down and re start the computer , but it's a bit annoying . The touchpad occasionally gets a bit balky when using the computer while charging it . No delete or page up / page down key . Minor quibble . See comment below . Comment : Google provides a nice summary of keyboard shortcut in their Chromebook help page at google chromebook support page .  .  . I guess I can't post a link in a review . Strongly recommended for those who want to maximize their efficiency with a Chromebook and for those who like me miss having stuff like the Delete , cap Lock and page up/down key . Probably the most useful of the shortcut is the CTL ALT ? combination , which pops up a full screen keyboard that show just about every shortcut . It would be nice if they similarly provided a more thorough guide to all the feature on the Chromebook , such as the camera , which I still haven't figured out . I probably haven't looked hard enough , though . Overall , I've found this Acer touchscreen Chromebook to be extremely useful and I'm happy I got it . It's light , compact , solidly built , and pretty much live up to the excellent review I've seen . No regret or second thought about buying it , and the price is really fair when it performs as well as this . 
  I gave the Acer C720P five star because I think that 299 is a steal for a laptop that not only includes a touch screen , but a decent processor and a solid state drive . What I love : I really like the touchscreen ! I was blown away at the responsiveness since my expectation were set pretty low considering the price tag . The battery life is pretty amazing too and it power on in only a few second . I can connect it to the hotspot on my phone and work while taking the train home from work . I am very surprised at the speaker quality I was using a Toshiba Satellite before and the built in Speaker were garbage . I'm can also pair this Chromebook to my Bluetooth headphone . Finally , I also really like the slimness and the overall design and color of the C720P it has the clean stormtrooper feel to it . What I dislike : I consider myself a bit out of the norm , but I usually have quite a few tab open at a given time this is because of the line of work I'm in . After having about a 15 tab open , I notice some stuttering . This is very noticeable when I'm playing music . This is primarily due to my own web browsing habit as I have a problem not closing tab when I no longer need them . It would , however , be nice if the RAM was 4gb instead of 2gb . Who I'd recommend to : I'd recommend this to anyone who spends the majority of their time on a computer in a web browser . I'd also recommend it to your general student in high school or college , assuming you're not required to use an application that isn't supported by Chrome . Keep in mind , if you don't have an internet connection , the Chromebook isn't super useful . If you think about it , how often are you without an Internet connection and when you are , do you even use your laptop ? Most people probably don't . 
  I had been looking to get a hybrid ultrabook style laptop for some time and wanted it to be touchscreen as I have always hated using the touchpad mouse on any laptop . My kid have Kindle , iphones/ipod and an ipad and I have used them to surf internet , check email and play some game , but that's pretty much all they are good for . I wanted something I could type on so I could respond to email . work on spreadsheet , etc and those device just didn't cut it . I just hate the pop up keyboard on the tablet . I had visited many electronic retailer and checked out the Sony , Microsoft Surface Pro , and a few other . I had been set to purchase one through Amazon on Cyber Monday and then I saw the Acer 720P come up . No , it hadn't been released and they weren't sure of the release date at the time , but I am so glad I waited for it . I read the review of its predecessor , the 710 and 720 and they were positive . I also read up on Chromebook V . ultrabook and really , there wasn't much difference except the operating system . And since most ultrabook utilize window 8 which I hate , I was even more happy to know I'd be running on chrome . Start up is quick , as is shut down . Battery life is as promised have left it on all day and overnight and it still had 2 hour left on battery life . Have had 5 browser tab open while playing slot from the app store and still run fast no buffering , no lag like I get sometimes on the kindle or ipad . LOVE the keyboard and ability to type like I'm on my desktop and do like the change they'be made to the top key row . Very user friendly , even if it takes a little getting used to . I have downloaded picture to my 720P from my SD Card can't do that with the ipad sorry loyal apple consumer and then uploaded to facebook with no problem , have set up my printer and have sent thing to print without a glitch . Today , I took a picture with the camera . It was kinda coold . I am still learning more each day , but so far , I can honestly say , this is the best 300 my family has ever spent and the best christma present I have ever received ! My kid constantly ask if they can play on my chromebook and I tell them to go play on their ipod , Kindle , and ipad . This is mom's and she's not sharing ! But I do know what they might be getting when their birthday roll around ! 
  I can't say enough good thing about this device . 11'inch screen , touch capable , fast , silent , 100GB gdrive space , keyboard , trackpad , long battery life , very light , and all under 300 . Sure you can't play graphic intensive game for this , but then again , if I want to play those kind of game , I am better off with a specific device for that , i . e . game console . But for every day online browsing , and some light linux development here and there , you just can't go wrong . It's so darn cheap , I am not even afraid that it dings and drop from the table . Not that I wanted it . This is a perfect device , in every way . 
  I just got mine today . So far so good . I'm really impressed how well this machine is made . Responds very quickly and is perfect for your average person's everyday use . Touchscreen work better than I thought it would . Overall I am satisfied . Goes great with my Galaxy S4 and Nexus 7 tablet . 
  Much faster than my Samsung Chromebook ! So far the processor is much better not nearly the lag on YouTube video . Touch screen seems good . Like my old Chromebook , I am looking forward to relatively no maintenance with this machine I especially like not having to buy any security program . Quality seems very good . MY main complaint is that the keyboard is not back lit . Other than that , the laptop is excellent . More Update to follow . 
  I bought it when they had it on offer for one day at 249 . It's really an excellent value . The built quality is much better than I expected . My biggest fear was that the display would be a disappointment but it wasn't . It's quite bright and although it's not an ip panel , I find the viewing angle good enough . The laptop overall Feel very solid and the trackpad is very smooth and consistent which is a big plus . Many expensive laptop don't seem to get the trackpad right . I bought it to install Linux on it in order to get a full computer experience . I installed Fedora 20 with the Gnome 3 . 10 desktop . It took a while to get everything working but there are many website giving instruction . This model only has 2GB of RAM which is sufficient but not ideal . Only 1 . 8GB are available as the graphic share the RAM . With my setup , the system use around 600MB when idle . When you fire up Firefox and open a few tap , that roughly eats up another 500MB . It has a 32GB SSD of which around 20GB are available after full installation with all the included program like LibreOffice , Firefox , Shotwell , Evolution , etc . It run very quiet , one can hardly hear the fan . It gets warm at the bottom when streaming video but not too hot . The battery lasts quite long . I didn't really measure it , but I'd say 6 hour with my setup . The Speaker are very powerfull but do lack a bit in quality . They fire downward , so on a desk they sound ok but in bed on a pillow a bit less so ; Overall very happy with the machine ! Cheers ! Mike
  My mother is computer illiterate . She still call me frequently to ask question like 'how do I send a picture in an email ? ' or 'why isn't the computer doing what I tell it to' .  .  . and yet she still managed to take this computer out of the box , set it up herself , connect to our WiFi and start surfing the web . If you're looking for a lightning fast computer to surf the internet , write email , watch netflix , and look at your digital photo .  .  . this is the one for you . It's user friendly , fantastically priced , and a great machine if your need are simple . I would recommend this to anyone , especially those out there who are less than tech savy and just need a simple machine to surf the web . 
  I was very excited about purchasing this new type of laptop . Upon receiving , I was impressed with with quality of the Acer Chromebook . I remember a few year ago , they all looked cheap . This is a very solid laptop . As advertised , it turn on fast . Matter of fact , if you don't lift the lid quickly enough you might think the screen never turn off . First , I'm an Acer fan . I think all their product are great quality at great price . On to the review : The Chromebook app all run pretty fast , however , I experienced serious lag time when trying to work from the browser not using Chromebook designed app . My mac and window computer could all breeze through the website j .  .  .  , but the Chromebook would take up to 30 second longer , sometimes even longer , to refresh the page than the Mac or window computer . It made working with browser based program impractical if they required more than browsing . If all my app could be found in the app store , I'd keep the laptop . Unfortunately , there are too many program I need to use that are browser based and the Chromebook just doesn't measure up . FYI .  .  . I also tried some other website I frequent just to be sure that refit wasn't a fluke . The fact the Chromebook was so slow puzzle me . If anything , I thought the browser function it would be optimized to leave a Mac or window computer in the dust . It may be I received a faulty laptop . I like the idea of the Chromebook and return this one with a heavy heart . 
  I was really looking forward to getting this laptop . I've been waiting for a touchscreen chromebook and here it is ! I didnt want to spend full price so i waited for the laptop to drop in price , then I see Acer has refurbished unit for sale and at the right price so I pull the trigger . I get the laptop and I'm very happy with the look and feel compared to my old Toshiba Satellite . I see a pop up about the Google goodie and my 100gb of free Google storage , click on the link , and then I get a message that says Used , open box , and refurbished device aren't eligible for the offer This is one of the great perk of owning a Chromebook , and because I bought a refurbished laptop from Acer I cannot indulge in this bonus . Bummer .  .  . I took one star off because of the lack of Google goodie . 
  The 7 hour battery life indicated in the product description is not accurate . I get perhaps half of that . The main advantage of this Chromebook is the touch sensitive screen and the small size for portability . The HP Chromebook is a nicer laptop but it is larger and it is not touchscreen . This particular Chromebook has some issue with WiFi connectivity as it takes some time to connect , plus I have trouble printing with Google Cloud Printing . Generally an OK product . 
  I only had the device for less than a week , so I can only share my initial impression . Regarding external feature the device has a small form factor and is quite lightweight . The finish is not in the height of premium ultraportable device , however it Feel all right and does not have any obvious structural weaknesse . The 7 . 5 hour battery life is amazing compared to my main machine , that only has 2 3 hour of capacity . The machine turn on and switches to standby mode nearly instantly . The selection of connector is good too , attaching an external monitor to the HDMI port turn on the screen extension instantly and without issue . The keyboard Feel fine it has no backlighting but I don't think it would be a common addition in the Chromebook lineup . A challenging aspect of using the keyboard is that certain key available on full size keyboard are missing . There is no delete home end pgup or pgdown key , however their function can be emulated by key combination . The list of key combination can be recalled by ctrl alt / . The touchscreen Feel nice and is an outstanding addition to the usual control . It may seem as a gimmick at first , however it provides a perfect substitute for a mouse without the awkwardness of touchpad . It has some additional feature like scrolling and gesture recognition for pinch zooming or back and forth page flipping in the Chrome browser . The touchscreen Feel natural for smartphone user , and navigation and zooming are smoothly animated . Some extra feature from smartphone for selection copying and pasting are also included . I have mainly used the machine for web browsing , document editing with the google tool that work offline as well and reading pdf document . During this time I have not observed any performance problem , the experience is perfectly smooth . Due to the nature of my use I have not run into limitation of the Chrome o the device comes installed with . Some change to the selection of the used tool renders the platform perfectly usable for everyday use , however in case additional need would need to be met there is a relatively easy solution to unleash the full power of the machine . As chromeo is essentially Linux with a custom user interface it is possible to install a usual desktop , such as Ubuntu's Unity side by side with the original interface . The tool called Crouton takes care of all the difficultie that this operation might imply , and set up the chosen desktop environment almost fully automatically . After the installation is complete it can be launched from a browser based shell environment , and while running switching back and forth between the Chrome and the other e . g . Unity interface is done via keyboard shortcut and is nearly instant . From the alternative Linux desktop the installation of PC program run as usual . Due to the additional feature available by this mean the device poses a viable alternative to more expensive dual Android / window system for people that need some additional flexibility in case the default mobile o has some deal braking limitation . Having used the device with a tethered internet connection from my smartphone due to its lightweight design long battery life , performance , and flexibility it seems like an ideal second laptop for road use , that keeps you productive while on the go . 
  I had a few reservation before buying this chromebook . All doubt left the building after playing with it for a few !  ! 1 I don't believe I go anywhere without internet service , but unplugged router and it still work fine . 2 I don't make movie or edit photo's but has google photo editor in here3 I mostly play facebook game , check email , browse internet , and pay bill no problem there . 4 school work .  . My kid write paper with google doc without an issue . To sum it up I love this thing , and just purchased another for my wife who loves it too . 
  I got this for my boyfriend for christma as he's a bit of a Chromebook evangelist . He had a Samsung Series 5 I believe , it was the black one Chromebook before , and this one ended up being way better . It a lot faster in day to day use which seems weird because on paper it should be around the same and when we ran some informal Javascript benchmark , its around 1 . 5 to 2x the speed . Also , I believe the screen resolution is the same or very close which leads to a higher pixel density . But , what surprised me the most , was the build quality of the laptop . I personally have a MacBook Pro because I'm a bit of a build quality snob . I used to stick with the Lenovo ThinkPads until their last model left be a bit wanting and I jumped ship . I hate using and carrying around laptop that feel like they will completely shatter if dropped or knocked off of something . I would compare the Samsung one to a kind of plastic knockoff that is super flimsy and made to a price that is much lower than what you're paying . While it was definatly styled to look a little bit like the MacBook line , it felt like a 50 laptop . The screen would sway and the keyboard would mush in when you typed on it , and the trackpad was a unsensitive mess . This Chromebook however is a solid machine , which while it is plastic , Feel as solid as my MacBook in day to day use . I must say this really surprised me . The hinge are solid , the keyboard is well supported and very clicky , and the track pad is perfect . The touch screen is also very well done . I will be looking at Acer laptop when I'm in the market in the future . The only downside that I've noticed , and other reviewer have mentioned , is that the color temperature of the LCD screen is a little .  .  . off . However , since he's not doing any kind of color sensitive work , and we only noticed it when we placed it next to another monitor , it's not that noticeable . 
  I just got this today , so I will update this review later on as I use it more . But .  .  . so far so good ! I gave my Samsung Series 3 Chromebook to my parent and picked this one up , and I noticed that the build quality Feel a little better with the C720P . I always had the issue of having the keyboard and trackpad bending when I used the Series 3 on my lap not with the C720P . I've tried loading ~15 or so tab on this , and I haven't noticed any lag or tab reloading , which was very obvious on the Series 3 . I saw review saying this screen is terrible , but it is fine for what it is . You can't expect this to have a retina screen for its price . The viewing angle are good , better than the Series 3 I can't really say if the viewing angle were worse because of the matte screen . The Speaker are underpowered , but I wouldn't really want to listen to music from them anyway . I like the keyboard on the C720P , but I haven't decided on whether I liked the it or the keyboard on the Series 3 . The trackpad is very smooth and responsive not sure if this glass like my MacBook Pro's trackpad , if anyone knows , please leave a comment . Now the main reason why I chose the C720P over the C720 with 4 gb RAM was because of the touchscreen . I was kind of expecting a screen that was somewhat responsive , but I was mistaken . It's accurate and responsive , though it is kind of hard to press really small button on the screen but that's what your cursor is for . As I use it more , I'm sure the touch will become more natural to me . I was kind of disappointed that I couldn't use touch to make a drawing on Google Drive . Since Chromebook are meant to be so ingrained with Google's other product , I was expecting the touch to have more functionality . But I won't detract any star from that since it's minor and I wasn't looking for that feature specifically . All in all , I would definitely recommend this to other who are in the market for a portable laptop or are looking for a new toy to play with . I think this is probably the best Chromebook you can buy at the moment , though the touchscreen option is more expensive . If not the C720P , then I think the C720 would be just as great . 
  Bought this for my wife to use as a browser . She tried window 8 and hated it , so this was next choice . The earlier Chromebook were not too fast and not too good , but this one is excellent in term of speed to boot up and operate . As most of her browsing is done using google anyway and her email is google , this is a no brainer for her with no learning curve . Only drawback is creating document that can be read in other system . Her google doc don't open in window for example . I guess you can go to google website to open a document that way , but seems like a burden to have to do that . The device itself is very good for the money . Sticky backspace key , but not bad . I would recommend it as a low cost system for home use . very lightweight and touch screen capable .  .  . the only other chrome book that does this is 1000 buck more !  ! 
  Up front here is what you get an internet machine that has 2GB of RAM which can't be upgraded and 32GB of on board SSD storage with a nice 11 . 6 touch screen display and about 7 hour of battery life . Touchscreen & Display 11 . 6 The touchscreen work very well . I never thought I would need a touchscreen but find myself scrolling and opening picture with it . The touch is very responsive and work great . The display is quite nice and color show nicely and are not an issue . There is a bit of a glare in certain situation but it is only with viewing angle that it becomes an issue . Overall the display will please you . RAMThis unit comes with 2GB I wanted 4GB but this touchscreen model does not come with it . The RAM is embedded into the motherboard so it can't be upgraded . Overall the performance is good even with multiple window open surfing the internet run smooth . Occasionally a picture/flash heavy sight will take a moment to load but otherwise internet surfer will love this device . ProcessorThe Haswell architecture has really done well for this device . Pair this with the SSD drive and start up boot time is less than 5 second and power down is just second as well . Update are done automatically so you won't even know when it is happening . The device opens app and video quickly and smoothly just in general this device does not have any issue with processor lag . StorageYou get 32 GB of SSD on board . You CAN upgrade this to 128GB . You would need a few thing but it can be done easily but will cost you about 100 . You would need to purchase the 128GB SSD card here on Amazon . Then , if you have a 4GB USB drive you can create a restore point on it , power down , install the new 128 card , power up with the USB drive in the USB slot and boot from there the rest will update . Google Drive offer two year of free 100GB storage but I am not going there as you have to pay after two year . I purchased a Patriot mini USB storage device the size of a dime and plugged it in the 2 . 0 USB slot for an additional 32GB storage . If needed I can remove the USB drive and transfer the file to a larger drive .  .  .  . if needed later on . PortsYou have on the left side a 3 . 0 USB , HDMI , headphone and power jack . On the right a 2 . 0 USB , SD card reader and if you want to lock the device there is a lock hole . The power cord is unique to the Chromebook and not USB . Wifi is your main connectivity as there is no Ethernet jack . However , the Chromebook has full Bluetooth capability and can pair with your device . Keyboard and track padHere thing get a little tricky and you will need to read up online and get your grove on . This is a bit different than your typical laptop keyboard and track pad . There are no Number on the right side or Alt button and the key are individual and raised . The key are not illuminated . There are NO left or right click button . The entire track pad is a button . So , click with one finger and you left click . Click with TWO finger you you right click . Takes some getting used to especially for copy and paste which can be challenging to some . APPSGoogle Play is on board and has a full variety of app to use I like it a lot and there are not many limitation many of the app you might have on your Android phone can also be on your Chromebook . app like Hangout , Youtube , Chromecast , etc will all work fine and integrate nicely with the Chromebook . BatteryVery happy at this point as the device is new time will tell how the battery holds up . I can surf the internet for hour about 7 hour at this point and be fine . Most of the time I am on for only about two hour so battery life is not an issue . Size and weightThe Chrome book is small and light the display is only 11 . 6 but you can still see everything nicely and adjust the font size which I did to Large or extra large if need be . It is very light between 2 . 5 3 lb you can hardly feel it on your lap . It does not get hot and is completely quiet noise free however there is a fan inside . WEB CAMThere is an HD webcam that work ok in well lit room . In darker lit area it will be difficult to capture a good image . Hangout is what you will use it for most and it work great . I am not sure if this will work with Skype or if that app is available in the store . Also the camera is front facing there is no rear facing camera which is fine and how most laptop are set up compared to tablet . PRICEI got this Chromebook primarily for my wife as an internet surfer . For the price , 309 shipped it isn't terrible . I would have liked the 4GB of RAM non touch screen model but that is like finding a unicorn these day . Although that device only has 16GB SSD storage at least you can upgrade the storage on the Chromebook where as the RAM is untouchable . ThoughtsI think this device is capable of a lot of thing . Internet and Google will be your primary use for this device . If you are looking to do word processing and spreadsheet and graphical design this is not your device . It can do these thing with limitation but this is not it's purpose . Also , even for a young technically savvy person you will need to learn and figure thing out such as the track pad and the o Operating System and how it work . Overall I am very happy with the Chromebook and love ACER in general . I have had many of their computer and laptop . They all work perfectly for me and my style . 
  Love this computer . For the low price , it completely exceeded my expectation . I have had it for approx . 2 month , and no complaint yet . I personally love the way it starts/ resets/ turn off SO quickly . The touch screen is AMAZING . Now every time I go on my Macbook , I find myself trying to use it as a touchscreen =X !  ! The battery life is great , and it charge fast too . So portable , I want to bring it everywhere ! Love the free year of Google Play Music , I was paying the monthly fee for Spotify Premium before I got this computer . Google Play Music is just the same , and free !  ! I downloaded the app and connected with my google username on my iPhone as well ! I can't testify yet to the computer's quality after a year or so , however , the price is certainly worth the purchase ! Since it is such a cheap computer compared to Mac and other PC , I bought this with the understanding it was not something that would last too long , however , I have yet to see any sign of lag , slowing down , or general deteriorating . In fact , as I type this now from my Chromebook , it seems to perform JUST the same as the day I got it . anyway , a great purchase that I would happily do again !  ! 
  I wasn't sure if I wanted a tablet or a netbook/laptop style personal electronic . I came to the realization that I wanted something that had a touch screen for the instance where I would need one i . e . game , or app that are designed for touch screen . I got the white version of this computer since it was far less expensive than the grey not sure why . As soon as it arrived I loved it . It was really fast and responsive and the touch screen was a lot better than I was reading about . It response rather fast and work well for what it is . There are people reviewing this computer saying is the touch screen worth the extra 100 than the non touch version of this computer C720 they seem to miss that the C720 has a smaller solid state hard drive at ~16 GH where as this one the C720P has a 32 GB solid state hard drive . Solid state hard drive are rather expensive I would say just that bump would bring the price of the 16 GB one up about 50 so the touch screen addition is merely another 50 that is actually not bad to have the ability to use a touch screen in a 300 machine , not sure where else you would find this much power and accessibility in any other laptop . The screen is pretty nice too . I like the brightness and sharpness of it . It does not have that wide of a viewing angle though . So you can't be too far off center in order to view it correctly . 
  I am really happy I got the touchscreen model , but it does have limit and takes some studying to use for someone like me . Some of the key stick a bit when typing , but I am glad I did not get a window machine what with all the security issue of late . 
  User friendly for those of us not tech savvy or in need of the many bell and whistle a full fledged lap top has
  Don't buy this assuming it's a normal laptop you can install program on and the like , but if you have a desktop or laptop already , and want something light and portable , with great speed , display and a good build and a touchscreen , this is a great buy . For under 300 the 11 . 5in display is just the right size and the look and feel of the unit are fantastic . I also looked at the 14 HP and the 13in Toshiba the Toshiba was my 2 choice , but this one is a great size without some of the cheaper feel that some of the Chromebook have been known for . With 32GB of on board memory and 2GB of RAM this thing does the trick . 90% of what people do with laptop can be done on the Chromebook . 
  Disclaimer : I have been developing software and hardware for well over 25 year . Most of our product have been based on Microsoft operating system . I also have experience with the Intel Macintosh and a number of different tablet including Android , window 7 , window 8 pro , window 8 . 1 pro and two asu RT 8 . 0 system . When I first heard of Google's effort to produce a cloud based laptop , which was essentially the Google browser , I scoffed . Chromebook did not make sense , particularly given the insanely high cost of the initial Chromebook . After watching the Samsung Chromebook remain at the top of the list of best selling Amazon laptop for many month , I decided to pick one up and give it a try . I can't say at first that I was blown away , but I could definitely see the potential offered by inexpensive system with minimal exposure to malware and stealthy Update which almost never delay access to the system or introduce unwanted glitche . The more I used my Samsung the more I began to depend upon it for day to day task such as answering email , modifying contract , testing and managing our website , web searche and entertainment . I began to fantasize about an affordable Chromebook with touchscreen access . When Acer announced the availability of the 720P Chromebook replete with touchscreen , I bit the bullet and ordered . I was able to order from Amazon using my prime account and expected delivery within two day . However , it seems that my order was passed off from up to the postal service and it arrived a day late . To Amazon's credit , I received an email apology and credit of 10 . 00 to my account because of the delay in delivery . The external package tape was broken as if dropped , but the device seems fine this kind of external package damage is a first for me with Amazon electronic . Two thing immediately caught my attention when I opened the Chromebook box .  .  . 1 the increased weight and bulk compared to my Samsung and 2 the extra large power supply with heavy duty power line and cable running to the computer . As I charged the device , I could feel some heat on my thigh next to the laptop power socket . Perhaps , the saving grace is that it seems to fully charge within an hour or so . Heat on the bottom of the unit is considerably less noticeable when running on battery alone . The screen is bright and touch seems to work well . I noticed touch zoom was added to many more website after a background upgrade . The keyboard , for this hunt and peck user , is good and better than the Samsung Chromebook . The audio is the best of any of my portable device . Loud without distortion and enough bass to allow for me listen for extended period . The Samsung is thinner and lighter and I will miss that , but the Acer machine Feel more substantial and not uncomfortably thick or heavy . I can't emphasize enough how nice it is to log on , enter your Google account and have everything running in minute ! Chrome o is limited and this may change as it matures but this instant on and install is addictive . It shames all other OS . We shall see if Chrome o can grow and stay as user friendly . I think I spent all of two minute booting and logging in before I had a machine with most of my setting and app intact and installed ! One major disappointment . I frequently use LG 700 and 730 Bluetooth headset to listen to streamed music from my Amazon and Xbox music account . I have encountered frequent problem with Bluetooth streamed audio when using window 8 tablet and window RT tablet after upgrading to either 8 . 1 or subsequent Microsoft / OEM system Update . I have no problem at all using Bluetooth headset with the Samsung Chromebook . However , if I'm any significant distance away from the Wi Fi router when using the 720P audio may skip or pause and Netflix video will repeatedly pause at least every 30 second . If I am closer to the router , Bluetooth and Netflix seem to work fine . I see this issue even when I have three bar in the Wi Fi signal strength icon . Importantly , while in the exactly same distant location , I was able to watch Netflix video and listen to the same audio using the Samsung Chromebook paired with my LG Bluetooth headset without issue . Bluetooth is not exactly a new standard and I am dismayed at the difficultie manufacturer and software developer have in producing portable device that can take advantage of streamed audio without hiccup or pauses ! Inevitably , Microsoft seems to first give and then later take away reliable streamed Bluetooth audio in many of its portable device . I had hoped that I would fare better with Chrome o device . Apparently , consistently supporting quality Bluetooth audio is beyond the skill set of Chipset , Google and Microsoft engineer . I plan to continue to experiment with my Bluetooth device and media streamed to my Chromecast dongle . If issue with Netflix paired with Bluetooth audio persist , I suspect I will return the Acer . Perhaps I am odd man out in expecting portable device manufacturer to deliver system fully supporting quality Bluetooth audio streaming . Update : Bluetooth and Wi Fi seem to interact when using Intel based device . I raised my Linksys router about four feet above the desk by mounting on a microphone stand and can use the Acer 720P to stream Netflix and XBox music with less re buffering and pauses . That said , I still experience no issue raised or not when using the Samsung Chromebook in the same location . The more I use the 720P the more I appreciate the touchscreen . I no longer use my beloved asu window RT tablet much . It still serves its original purpose of testing our website and checking email , but the almost constant nagging to update to RT 8 . 1 has becoming tiresome . Win RT 8 . 1 kills BT audio and the built in camera flash and we will not install 8 . 1 until absolutely forced to . I mentioned the improved touch pinch to contract and zoom in my initial comment . This update make the touchscreen far more attractive . I just updated my Win RT 8 tablet two time . Each update put the tablet out of service for at least 20 minute . Currently , Chromebook device update without any noticeable interruption and is a huge bonus . Would be interesting to see how many hour , week or month are lost when updating window machine . Streaming from Chrome tab seems to work well enough for a show and tell , but the color on my Vizio TV with Chromecast is nothing to write home about . It was disappointing when I discovered video play back from internally stored file cannot be Chromecast . Using Chromecast takes a noticeable toll on battery life . UPDATE 2 : Microsoft has released direct link to online Office Word , Excel and One Note . Office link can be found in the Chrome store . Having the icon and link in your Chrome app pop up menu make it easier to use online Office app . Unfortunately , Save download the file to your Chromebook memory rather than One Drive or Google Drive . I drag the file to Google Drive and delete from the Chromebook . A bit of a pain . Battery life seems to be significantly better than what I get when using the Samsung but , no formal comparison have been made . Even with Wi Fi / Bluetooth issue , the long battery life and touchscreen make this a keeper . 
  Overall , we like the Chrome o experience and grateful for the reduced price compared to other o , but after less than two month , a key already came off the key board for no reason . Hopefully , this isn't the first of many . 
  Prior to having this chromebook , I had another Acer . It was a netbook with no CD drive and a terrible mouse track pad . With the bar set low , I figured this laptop would blow me out of the water . It did . The response time with any loading is minimal . Starting up and shutting down the laptop only takes a few second . The app usage is no different than using a iPad or smartphone . The app availability is great with a wide variety and tool that cover most program you would install on a regular laptop . The word and excel program equivalent are handy and easy to use . Netflix and Hulu work really well . I've played up to three or four hour long episode on battery alone and still had some battery life left . The laptop is light and the screen size is ideal for me . Having it carried it around in a bag several time now , it is safe to say it is very portable . The touch screen is very responsive and accurate . People who are looking for a gaming laptop or Microsoft specific program shouldn't bother . It has its own o hence using app . As with most laptop this size , it lacks an optical CD drive . This isn't an issue for me as I use streaming service with any laptop . Though this laptop seems to rely on internet for a good amount of the app , there are quite a few app that are offline . If you want to get an idea about the app available : visit the chrome web store . 
  The Acer C720P is a great device . Touch screen work fine . The quality is very good for the price . Is not like my Macbook pro , but my Macbook cost ten more time . The only downside is the lack of retro iluminated keyboard . 
  There seem to be two camp on the internet when it comes to Chromebook . One side loves them and the other doesn't understand why anyone would give a Chromebook a thought . I had been hesitant to purchase one for quite some time but happened to be at a local retailer and , on a whim , picked one up . Sorry Amazon First couple of day I wasn't sure I made the right decision all I could do was surf the web . Wrong these device are fantastic and I have completely stopped using both my window 8 laptop except for certain game and my Galaxy Note 10 . 1 . I have yet to run into an issue where I thought I wish I was using a Windows/ Mac o . Just hasn't happened . OK , enough with Chrome o this sub 300 device is great . Positive : Battery life is amazing . Perfect size and weight make it feel quite sturdy Nice size keyboard and sensitive trackpad Speedy Replaced two device with this Full size HDMI portCons Screen is a bit washed out what do you expect though for under 300 SD Card slot does not allow a card to be fully pushed in , 80% of the card stick out making it only useful as a temporary storage drive Touch sensitivity I debated putting this one up because most of the time it work just fine . However , there are time when I will touch the same spot over and over again before it registers . Would I recommend a Chromebook to someone ? YE . Would I recommend this particular Chromebook ? YE . 
  This Chromebook is fast and inexpensive . It has a bad habit of saying it can't connect to bookmark and some app , such as Citrix Receiver , don't work . The keyboard Feel very cheap but , of course , it is . 
  the chromebook actually does a lot more than I expected and despite having just 2 gig of RAM it stay pretty fast . I do have a couple complaint though . the far left edge of the touch screen doesn't work , there's no visible damage to it , it just doesn't work , and unfortunately it make working in Google Drive a bit tiresome since you can't reliably use the touch screen to navigate folder . other than that the rest of the screen seems to work well . The other minor issue is more a visible one than a functional one , the track pad ' plate isn't centered leaving a small gap in the bottom and the right side . Over all the actual o and function of the track pad make me accept the quality because the chromebook work great and the touchpad Feel great . 
  So far it has met an exceeded my exoectation . My concern is that after about a year the touchscreen will start screwing up . Time will tell
  Youtube , Google , BBC iPlayer , My Bank , map , Google document instead of m Word . All perform as I require , with no problem . I don't want Netflix or itune . My kid leave my laptop alone because it doesn't do more than the basic thing I need . Great product from Acer and Google . 
  Does everything you need . Its fast , mobile , long battery , touchscreen but also has an amazing touchpad , spacious touchpad , fast turn on and best of all . Its cheap ! Absolutely perfect for a college student ! It doesnt play real game but I have my main desktop for that . So this was an amazing purchase . 
  For the price and application the Acer C720P is a killer laptop . It's the best full featured Chromebook that comes highly recommended ! 
  We got this for my 16 yearold son . It was great . Easy to use , fast , good solid construction . However , he cracked the screen 12 day later make sure when you buy the Square trade protection that you click on the includes spill and drop . It can be repaired but the replacement screen isn't available anywhere . We are going to have to buy another . Would highly recommend this for anyone who does light computing mostly email , surfing and the occasional document or spreadsheet . As someone who use a computer all say long , I was concerned about the keyboard . I liked it better than any of the other we looked at . 
  working as design , best for browsing with touch screen capabilitie , good battery life and my kid love it . Not bad at all
  After connecting the power plug the set up took about 10 minute to download , install and update the file as well as enter other information , seemed almost too easy . Light weight and well balanced with good feel and operation of the the keyboard , touch pad and touch screen it felt very natural moving between each of them . Pleasantly surprised by the screen and the viewing angle are fine considering the intended use . Seamless download and installation of program and Google Chrome is a solid cross platform browser . Very hard to beat the price and feature especially for a laptop with a touch screen and with little or no need to buy additional program or anti virus software . Overall use of the computer is refreshingly straight forward . 
  We have both a Chromebook Pixel the first touch enabled Chromebook for home use and bought the Acer C720P for my husband's parent . It's a great machine for the price . It's fast and you only notice the extra power of the Pixel when you cast a chrome tab with video to a Chromecast not something that the parent are going to use much . The keyboard and touchpad are very good . The build quality is solid and the machine is far lighter than the Pixel . Given that it cost less than 1/4th of the cheapest Pixel this is a great machine . P : Our parent need to print . To make this really easy it's best to get a Google cloud print enabled printer . Then you can register the printer on a Google account and share it with everyone in the family . At home , we have a home server and run the Cloud printing service as we only have a classic printer which work fine for us but is definitely not recommended for anybody who doesn't enjoy tinkering . 
  this actually puts up a competition for other window laptop . this is in no way a laptop that is capable playing high end graphic game , but will play light flash game . touchscreen is very nice and chrome o is extremely easy to use . 
  I am very happy with my Chromebook . I can't believe how fast it is . Love the touchscreen too . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a laptop at a good price . 
  excelente product
  This is our 2nd Chromebook and it is a hit with the family . The touch screen is an added bonus . 
  boot up quickly and gets no virus ! Gets the job done if using for basic internet use ! chic let keyboard awesome : D
  Seldom does a product exceed expectation like this for web browsing , email , and you tube it's just the greatest . It has a nice slim compact and solid design , no boot up time , smooth operation , brilliant clear display , nice keyboard feel , and connected to my wireless in a snap . This is a quality product at a great price . I'm so happy with my purchase . 
  First off , let me start by saying that I wanted a Chromebook for simply leisure writing and browsing the internet my pastime . I did not desire to replace or substitute my work laptop and did not need to use the Chromebook with Office or other software . A lot of people are comparing the Chromebook to a full blown laptop . It's not . I knew that when I started in my quest to find something smaller than my 18 Vaio I use for work . If you're looking for a power machine , stop here . I'm not the expert just an Amazon user go do your research on what the Chromebook can and cannot do to first see if it meets your need . My friend couldn't believe I was buying a simple machine but again , the Chromebook was exactly what I needed for laying on the couch and vegging out ! I went to the local big retailer and they had 3 model . I decided the Chromebook would meet my need but I wasn't impressed with what I found in the store . I looked on the Google site and read several review online . I debated the other model and I can tell you this is by far the best Chromebook I saw in store and online . The touch screen alone puts it far above its competitor . Even my brother a Desktop Help provider at a school district was taken aback by how user friendly it was . I don't use the touch screen for every click or scroll , but it make using the Chromebook a freaking fantastic experience . This one aspect alone is enough to choose the C720P over the other option . Again , since this is a Chromebook and they are basically identical , I can tell you other thing particular to this model that please me . One such is battery life . It can go a LONG time without charging . It live up to the long battery life it promise . All Chromebook are easy to use but the start up and shutdown time are also pretty phenomenal . Life is easier for user if you are familiar with Google app and have a Google account , although this certainly isn't required . It was nice to sign in and have everything including my Drive my leisurely writing example all available . And , I can edit those document from any other computer . I stream Amazon Instant video , watch YouTube all the time , and have counted more than 10 tab open at once without any loss of speed . I'd say if you've determined a Chromebook meets your individual need , buy this one . 
  A perfect notebook for casual use . Web , movie , etc . Battery life is great ! Price is unbeatable . Perfect for kid and casual couch surfing as well as back seat road trip movie player . 
  I read all about how cheap and plasticy the Acer c720 series was but those review and comment are just wrong , this is a fantastic piece of hardware . I have the c720p and every Chromebook review I read said make sure you get the 4Gb version . That to is completely wrong ! The c720 series from Acer has an intel processor meaning it is an x86 based system as apposed to the arm based system that most other Chromebook use ; I do not know why exactly but the x86 based Chromebook seem to run much faster even when they only have 2Gb of ram . While weriting this I have 8 tab open in Chrome : Gmail , Google , Google play music playing music , Google Drive , Amazon obviously , as well as two other and there is not even so much as a hint of lag . I got the Moonstone White version and it look amazing . I have no complaint about the look or the feel of this machine . Build quality is great , YE it is plastic but does not look or feel cheap . Boot time is blazing fast . From off to Google log in in under 5 second . The Battery lasts very close to the 6 hour Acer claim . Even with some heavy use , like Play music and some YouTube the c720 p will last you all day with out a problem . So I gave this 5 star and I do highly recommend it for anyone looking for a killer Chromebook . That said , I do have one complaint ; the charger is a more traditional notebook charger/ power supply and the pin end that plug into your c720 is tinny . If anyone owned an Acer Iconia A500 you will know exactly what I mean . The pin is small enough that if your not careful you can easily bend/break it . That is the only bad thing I can say about the Acer c720 p . Buy one and you will wonder how you got through your day without one . 
  Great for almost everything you need . From email to heavy spreadsheet including web surf and photo editing . Social Network is a blast with the Chromebook due to portability , accessibility and reliability . Touch screen is not really necessary thou great to play
  I personally bought this Chromebook just to wipe the SSD and install Ubuntu 13 . 10 . Once I jumped through the hoop to get Ubuntu on this machine there were a few problem which I managed to find solution for on the web . Before I continue I'll mention that YE the touch screen work in Ubunutu . The first real problem I ran into was with the athero wireless card . It would connect to an access point , but then simply drop connection silently while still reporting it was connected . This turned out to be it simply not playing nice with the 2Wire modem/access point I was using . Connecting to my Apple Timecapsule created a stable connection . No further tweaking was required . The second problem is neither the touchpad nor the touchscreen work right off in Ubuntu . You're going to need a USB mouse or be comfortable tabbing through option on the keyboard . Once you have Ubuntu up getting both working is simple . Just search for ubuntu c720p touch screen The first option is an article linking you to another article with a script to download . You don't need to do step one in the second article since you're already using Ubuntu at this point . Just go to step two and download and run the script . It'll download some necessary package to get everything working . Both worked flawlessly after the reboot . The third and possibly most annoying problem is it will hang after going to sleep . Go ahead close the lid and open it again . It's not coming back . It's related to a crash that happens with the sound service when it trie to sleep . To find the fix just google for ubuntu c720p Pedro Larroy If you do what the initial post says it will stop the hang , but leave you with a crashed service . Try hitting ctrl alt F1 and watch all the EHCI error . Instead scroll down to Mike Lim's comment beginning with Updated 12/11 and follow those instruction . After that my machine woke up fine and no longer threw a ton of EHCI error . Oh and audio continued to work . After all that the device work great so far . Ubuntu 14 . 04 is released tomorrow 4/17/14 so no idea if any of this will apply then . 
  NOTE : This review is for a slightly different model , the C720P 2625 , which has 4GB of memory and a 16GB drive . It is otherwise the same as the C720P 2666 With my Lenovo laptop , purchased at Circuit City on the last business day , becoming increasingly fragile , I'd been keeping an eye on the Chromebook hardware for the past 8 month . There were lot of model but none had a price/performance profile that I found compelling enough to buy . The Acer C720p 2625 , with 4 GB of RAM , a speedy , low power processor that provides over 6 hour of use between charge , HDMI and USB 3 . 0 and a touchscreen at about 330 on MacMall Amazon is not stocking this specific model at them moment can't be beat . I'm lazy when it comes to closing tab . With 4GB of RAM 2GB more than most of the other C720 model handles 20 or 30 open tab with ease . The keyboard , although the key depth is small , is nonetheless quite responsive . Battery life has lived up to published spec . The Speaker are reasonably good given the price . On top of the great hardware , which I expected , was the Chrome o itself which , to my surprise , is far better than I expected . It is well organized , polished and remarkably feature rich . Google has done an absolutely outstanding job coming up with an interface that succeeds where the netbook of several year ago failed . If you still have a traditional window laptop/desktop around , the Chrome Remote Desktop add on let's you access it effortlessly and securely from the Chromebook . At this price point , with robust hardware and a great o , Chromebook will be the device of choice for many buyer who would otherwise have purchased a far more expensive PC or Apple product . And , of all the Chromebook available today , this model is the best there is
  This is good product i liked it . its especially for student in school and is very helpful touchscreen is great and but by 2nd month of having this Chromebook the mouse is weird it doesn't flow its not the best i think its good but just my Chromebook has a problem is you want a good laptop for school and you know how use Google doc , slide .  .  . than go ahead i recommend this product . 
  So far so good , the only disappointment is it is 100 % internet based , so you need to be online for most everything . There are some offline extension . 
  I purchased this Chromebook as a replacement for my decade old Dell laptop . I use it primarily for surfing the web , streaming video , and reading recipe in the kitchen . I love how lightweight it is , and the battery life is fantastic . One charge lasts about 8 hour of on time . I read a lot of review , and went with this model because it was well liked by other user , and because of the touchscreen . Admittedly I have not used the touchscreen as much as I thought I would . I definitely recommend this model , and Chromeboook in general , for people who need a laptop for general , everyday computing . The screen would be too small for detailed work like graphic or photo editing , and the inability to directly connect a printer might cause problem for people who print frequently . 
  I've only been using this unit for a day now , but so far I love it ! I had the C710 before this and I really liked it , but I had a couple complaint . The 720 solved many of them . One thing is the longer battery life . The other is that the screen is slightly improved . I don't know if it is just a coating for the touch screen , but it look crisper . And the form factor is much more sleek . The touch screen is very responsive in my opinion . I read review where people were saying that it wasn't as responsive as a tablet . In my limited use , I would say it is just as responsive as a table . I'm not sure how much I'll use the touch screen , but it's a nice option . My one nit pick is that they changed the AC adapter to be two separate piece the cord that goes from the adapter to the wall , and the adapter/cord that goes into the unit instead of one piece . I find that kind of annoying , but it's not a big deal . Overall , I'm really impressed with the revision they've made . 
  We found an Epson printer that allows you to print directly from the cloud . I still have a lot to learn to maximize my usage , I wish there was one place to look for relevant information . It's convenient for all of my device being Google . The size is perfect for me to be able to read . 
  This little chromebook is amazing ! Okay , it's not a PC , but .  .  .  . I had an old window 7 laptop and an old first generation iPad . They were both getting less functional and less updatable/repairable with time . New thing were coming out so fast that I didn't know what to buy . So I spent month just waiting and looking around . I knew I wanted the convenience and touch feature of the iPad , but needed a stable laptop platform for doing real work . The MacBook Air would be perfect if it had touchscreen . Everything else seemed pretty expensive by comparison , especially when you factor in cost to add Office and Anti virus . I didn't want to spend a pile of money on something that might become obsolete in a month . I didn't think I wanted a chromebook because it lacked full PC capability . But when Acer came out with their touchscreen chromebook for such an amazing price , I thought it was worth a try . I wasn't expecting much and if it becomes obsolete soon , well , I didn't spend much either . But I am thrilled with this little device . It is limited , YE , and it takes some getting used to , but honestly there is not much that I used to do on my old PC that I can't do somehow on this 720P . Bravo Acer ! 
  The touchscreen make all the difference . I read all these pro review that talk about Chrome not being an ideal o for a touchscreen . Well , I have news for them , I don't spend a lot of time staring at the o screen , I'm on the internet using & looking at all the same screen I use from my o 8 laptop & my tablet . I have a non touchscreen HP Chromebook 11 which is also nice but not having a touchscreen on it is frustrating 'cause it is hard to zoom in & out as needed . This thing is great & is so much faster at loading page than any of my laptop or my iPad Air also frustrating w/o a touchscreen but otherwise great . Still this is the best money I've ever spent on a small laptop . Keyboard is the weak point & screen color aren't as nice as the ip display on the HP 11' Chromebook but overall it is a much faster & easier Chromebook to use due to the touchscreen . Wish it had 4MB of memory , but I'm sure that's coming . Update I've had this for a few week now & I'm having keyboard problem that come & go . Some of the time several key on the row with the qwerty key stop working . It has gotten so bad that I've now updated my C720 with an on screen keyboard so when this happens , especially signing on , I can do so w/o having to install an external keyboard . It is very frustrating & having read several blog , I found I'm not the only person having this issue . I still love having a touch screen , but if I were to recommend a chromebook to someone now , I'd recommend the new Dell Chromebook 11 no touchscreen , but according to a majority of the review I've read , it is the best all around chromebook available right now . As a result of the keyboard issue , I've lowered my rating from 5 to just 3 star . As a result of the problem , I looked around & got a great deal on the Chromebook Pixel for about 1/2 price & it is every bit as good as advertised . Best screen on any PC I've ever seen & YE it is a touchscreen too . Update May 2014 Well , my impression of this laptop have again returned to a much more positive level as a result of the fact that after several recent software Update of the Chrome o , my physical keyboard issue had seemingly disappeared . why , I don't know . It just hasn't reared it's ugly head in several week . finger crossed . Now comparing this Chromebook with the HP Chromebook 11 has made me realize that despite the better screen and much more attractive look of the HP , this Acer is a much more powerful & capable internet device than the HP . I now find trying to do much of anything on the HP with more than a couple of tab open , very frustrating . I will also compare this Acer with the Chromebook Pixel , Believe it or not the Acer compares pretty well against my Pixel in a functional sense . By far the largest difference between the two is the quality of the screen . The Pixel has the best screen I've ever seen & the c720p screen is just OK . But honestly I do not notice a huge difference in speed when using either online . I'm sure the Pixel with a faster processor & 4GB of memory can handle a lot more open tab than the Acer , but at the same time I find the Pixel a little frustrating to use because of how fast the battery drains compared to the c720p . The Acer gets about 3 hour more use when watching movie or TV show . So even though every single physical thing about the Pixel is better on it than the Acer screen , keyboard , touchpad , case , etc , due to the much better battery life , I tend to grab the c720 when I'm away from a wall plug for extended period . I do prefer using the Pixel to any other laptop or computer I've ever owned , when plugged in but I honestly prefer the Acer when out & about . I love that it too has a touchscreen & I've replaced the 32gb SSD with a 128gb card & put all my music , movie , & e book on it so now even off line I have thing I can do . I am very happy now with this chromebook & wouldn't hesitate to recommend it . If you are at all like me & want/need a touchscreen on your chromebook , then as of this date , this is the best choice available w/o spending a lot more money on a Google Chromebook Pixel . 
  This Acer machine is a delight and touchscreen is perfect for web use . With Chrome o boot fast and browser via wifi fast too . Really only good though as web browser , with 32 GB SSD .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 100x better than window 8 but I miss application . Chrome is OK but Firefox is more intuitive and user friendly . 
  I have had all three version of the Kindle Fire and loved them . But this with the touch screen and keyboard is perfect for me . The chrome operating system allows for a 10 second boot . Fast switching between tab and despite Microsoft's deceptive ad I can do all I want offline . 
  I have owned almost all iteration of Chromebook since the cr 48 and I have to say this is the best so far . You would almost think the touchscreen is a needless expense , but I actually use it a lot . I can set the chromebook up on a table when i'm laying on the couch and can easily pause video and such by touching the screen instead of hunting for the key . It also make going through a lot of rss feeds intuitive and quick . I paid full price for it , but am glad to have . 
  I love being able to use the touch screen and keyboard at the same time . The speed is superb and the boot up time is ridiculously fast . Everything link seamlessly to my phone , which I love . The Word feature are a tad limited , and it sucks not being able to have Skype or install a few add on I used to use , but I just use my old computer if a function is absolutely necessary . This computer is lightweight and portable , and now my 13 MacBook Pro Feel heavy and huge and outdated . 
  Zippy . Just the right size . Easy to type on . Good color rendering for the price . Good enough resolution for what I'm using it for , a second computer to use on the deck or couch . Two minute setup . Easy to switch between user . Slim . Feel solid . Hinge holds screen securely at the angle you want . Several handy special purpose key where function key usually are . And , to my amazement and delight , my bluetooth Apple Magic Mouse work perfectly with it ! Couldn't believe it .  .  . All direction of swiping work fine with it natural motion where swiping away from you move the screen up and toward you move the screen down ; plus left and right . Main thing I miss so far is a cap lock key . They replaced it with a Search key WHICH IS CRAZY MAKING ! EDIT : YOU CAN SET THE SEARCH KEY TO FUNCTION AS A cap LOCK KEY INSTEAD . PROBLEM SOLVED . I think it's really worth the extra hundred buck for this touch model V the C720 , especially when couch surfing with no desk surface for mousing . Then it's kind of like a two in one , with the Advantage of both a tablet and keyboard . The touch screen sensitivity and tracking are better than I expected . When surfing website and trying to click tiny link with my man hand , it work at least as well as our iPod . Using a stylus work even better mine is a GoSmart from Amazon . movie play great at full screen , sound is loud and clear . Sure , it's not a real computer and won't accept any software such as itune , to my wife's dismay , but all in all it's just plain fun so far enthusiastic five star !  8 day later : Still loving it . Have been using it more than my iMac . Have installed dozen of app & extension to do most thing I would ever need to do except relational database such as Filemaker Pro . Got a Chromecast the other day and now wirelessly tab cast web video content such as CBS News which is commercial free via web from Chromebook to Chromecast plugged into TV in front of elliptical trainer which increase exercise / reduces couch time . I've been leaving the Chromebook on a bar height table so now I can stand instead of sit to do email etc . I've gotten used to using a cheap Logitech M325 mouse instead of stylus or Magic Mouse as tried above ; I don't use the built in trackpad at all ; Logitech mouse work fine on a couch cushion or whatever , smooth surface not necessary . I really like the Google app called X New Tab Page to customize my home screen , making all my favorite app , extension , web page etc easy to find and re arrange you can even upload your own image to the icon button before I found it I was frustrated with trying to remember how to access this or that function , now they're all in one place and easy to find . I'm having to change habit to put thing on Google Drive if I want to access them via Chromebook , and to remember to save thing to local 32GB storage if I want to access them when offline Google Drive and Gmail have offline mode that automatically update local storage . I just got an order via email while typing this , clicked on the attached pdf purchase order , and printed it to printer in the other room .  .  . so far this Chromebook has exceeded my expectation . 
  In term of using this computer , I take it traveling and use it for quick email checking and occasionally light internet gaming . This is basically a tablet with a keyboard , and I wouldn't trust it to do more than the basic . For the price , this is a good deal . The Speaker are just okay . The touchpad scrolling is surprisingly good much better than most laptop I've used , and the touchscreen work well also . I've only had the device for about a month , but so far so good in term of reliability . 
  I have had the chromebook for about a month . It is a great computer , even when you don't consider the price . It is very thin and light . Virtually all I used my PC for was web browsing and Minecraft , which this machine can easily handle . Also , the touch screen is great for everyday use and will future proof the device if Google brings any big Update to chromeo . 
  I originally purchased a refurbished model of the Acer 720 on Groupon about a year ago . It was really cheap and I figured that since most of my mobile computer work involves little more than web browsing , I'd try a Chromebook . I absolutely loved it as did the rest of my family . So , I decided to get this touch model as well . The touch screen work extremely well . The rest of the system is similar in performance to the 720 , however the extra hard drive space is very nice . I am a bit disappointed that this one is not upgrade able . I actually dropped 8 GB of RAM and a larger SSD into the 720 and both worked beautifully . The touch model has everything soldered onto the motherboard . That aside , its still a very good machine . The chassis is more solid than the 720 and while it's still all plastic , it Feel like its better built . Chromebook are very easy to use , always fast , never need virus protection and are perfect for people that just want to surf the net . No , you cannot run Microsoft Office on these , but Google app as well as Microsoft Office 365 are great web based alternative and provide functionality that should suit all but the most advanced office app user . I am a software developer by trade and must have a regular workstation for my real job , but a Chromebook does everything I need a computer to do while away from my desk . 
  Lightweight , fast , easy to use , good design . Love the touch feature . Large size key and fast boot up are very good thing too ! 
  I bought this because I was ready to take a leap of faith and try this Chromebook thing out . I was highly impressed by it . I found that a lot of the thing I was used to with window I really didn't care about any more . This thing has become my daily driver . I'm very happy with my purchase and although Chromebook is not for everyone , I recommend it . 
  This little workhorse is fast , light and Feel more expensive than 300 . Loves the keyboard , loves the touchpad . And although I do not use the touch screen much because the touchpad is so great , it is always nice to have it as an option when surfing the web . Time to put my Ipad for sale ! 
  Still learning all the Google function but this was extremely simple to set up and use . Turn it on and go is the best way to put it . No functional and fun . 
  If you're just looking for something to tootle about on the internet , this computer is perfect . The touch screen is wonderful , especially if you're used to working with a smart phone . 
  For web browsing and typing paper , this was a perfect option . My only complaint is that there is no Skype app in the Chrome App store . 
  My husband loves his chromebook , he doesn't have a computer , so this is just the thing he needed to do what he desire to do online . 
  Bought this for my son who is into computer , and he loves it ! Very fast and the touch screen work great . This is now his main computer . 
  Good build quality . work well . Got dual booted with Ubuntu Linux to run regular program . Touch screen work very well . 
  This is a great product at this price . The camera is good for Hangout . Cannot expect much from touch screen but its pretty decent . I have used this for a month and it work great . Specially for my old mom and dad who are not well versed with computer . Chrome work awesome . Above all the streaming is seamless when we cast a tab using chromecast . Over all . I love this product . 
  I gave this to my 15 yo son . He couldn't be happier . He was able to install Linux via Crouton without my help I did recommend backing up chromeo 1st and making sure he could restore it before attempting it though . It's so fast starting and shutting down . Built in Flash doesn't suffer performance wise compared to Samsung ARM based Chromebook I saw in the store . In fact , Flash run better than on his older computer . I was weighing this C720P Touch 2GB V . the C720 4GB . Touch win , 2GB is more than sufficient . Can't wait to get my own . Just found chrome : //flags and enable pinch to zoom on all website , not just google map . 
  Of all the Chromebook I've used , none have touched the speed this one has . I've tried to push the RAM to its breaking point , and I just can't get it to slow down . I'm very impressed . Equally impressive is the build quality . I had a buddy in college who used an Acer machine and it just did not hold up structurally . This one , however , is built solid as a rock . It is also quite portable . I take it everywhere . The touchscreen is an absolutely bonus , and to be honest , I wasn't sure if I needed it at first , so I bought it just out of novelty to have a touchscreen laptop . turn out , I use it every time I power it up . Because of how portable the laptop is , it sits closer to your body , which allows me to utilize the touchscreen . For 300 , this is an awesome buy just wish I would have waited a couple more day to get the white one !  . 
  This Chromebook is basically perfect . The battery life is excellent , the screen look great even if the viewing angle aren't as amazing as some other higher end laptop , it is very bright and the keyboard and touchpad both work really well . Best of all the touch screen is extremely responsive and accurate . Some of the UI element like the close/restore button are a little small , but it's still no problem hitting any of them with my finger . Buy this computer if you're looking into Chromebook . Heck , buy this even if you're not looking into a Chromebook . 
  This is a great laptop . I use it daily for couch surfing , word processing , email , etc . Never any lag , battery lasts forever between charge , and it can handle anything I throw at it . Only one very minor annoyance : keyboard isn't backlit . 
  Perfect for kid , parent and anyone that doesn't have to have the window office suite . Can still use google doc , worksheet and slide for all the functionality of microsoft office ! Installing Update for window for the last 3 hour on the two laptop and one desktop I still have and glad i don't have to do this for the kid , parent or grandparent anymore !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
  Love the touch screen and instant boot up . Keyboard is much more friendly than similiarly sized netbooks/laptop . There were a few web based application that were not compatible with the Chrome o LogMein . Email , and surfing worked fine . 
  I really like the Acer line of Chromebook for their feel and performance . And the addition of touch screen for only a few more dollar was great . Also the HDMI port on the Acer perform better compared to the Samsung which doesn't work with an HDMI adapter . 
  Pro : Touch Screen is nice , but not very functional for my purpose . Screen resolution is great for HD video streaming . Battery life is amazing . Great compact size . Super Fast boot up time . RAM performance is great and doesn't suffer while streaming video with multiple web tab open . For the price , I do not see how you can get a better computer that performs essential function : Web browsing , E mail , Document creation and editing using google drive , NetFlix streaming . I am running my business with this computer . Con : There is no cap Lock button on the keyboard . EDIT 2/04/14 : YOU CAN CHANGE THE SEARCH BUTTON TO cap LOCK IN THE KEYBOARD setting . SO THIS IS NO LONGER AN ISSUE . Some of the track pad function are odd or lacking i . e . two finger swipe for back/forward command , three finger swipe for switching between tab and so far I have been unable to double tap the track pad in order to copy text you must click down the track pad and then drag the pointer to select text . These are just minor thing that I will adjust to over time EDIT 2/04/14 : YOU CAN ENABLE TAP DRAGGING IN THE setting TO DOUBLE TAP AND HIGHLIGHT TEXT OR OTHER object . SO THIS IS NO LONGER AN ISSUE . Unable to use/install program such as Illustrator or Photoshop . The app for Chromebook are slightly lackluster and limited . It's more of downloading a link to a website/tab that performs the function of the app . I still give this computer 5 star because of the price . A PC laptop at this price will perform like a dinosaur and be nothing but a headache to the casual user . 
  I've used Apple product for the past bunch of year , paid the price for them mainly to have the experience I have on this sweet little Chromebook , namely to have my computer get out of the way of what I want to do , day in and day out . I don't have a laptop to show it off , or to run everything I would run on a 24 monitor . I use it to have what I need in a cafe or in bed , and this is perfect for that . It's solid when I pick it up , weighs about what a small cat does when it sits on my belly in bed , though not as warm . The screen is perfectly adequate except for the darkest movie scene . I put a tiny 32GB thumb drive in one of the USB port so I have 64GB storage locally plus Google Drive . And it power my 250GB external HD with a few dozen movie on it just fine . The only criticism I might have is some uncertainty about how long the unit will last , though replacing it will be no problem . As far as the app that come with it , I think the file manager could be more sophisticated and useable , and I would love to have another password level for my google drive , beyond my email password . Would buy another in a heartbeat ! UPDATE 3/2/14 : Loving this Chromebook more and more . For so long the choice have been , either a grand for an Apple product , or a cheap window computer with the attendant complexitie . This guy run all day , charge fast , and does everything I could want an 11 laptop to do , no trouble at all . 
  I gave 4 star because the screen resolution is pretty bad when compared to most other computer . It has pretty bad viewing angle and it has to be angled perfectly or the screen washes out . That being said , it's a 300 computer that's actually based on a 200 computer Acer C720 so you're going to have to cut corner somewhere . The screen is still usable and the touch input work fine . I'd recommend this for anyone looking for an inexpensive 2nd computer to use on the go , on the couch , or to give to a young student . Many school are going towards Chromebook for student so your child may already be using one . Pro : Speedy Goes in and out of app and to webpage quicklySound It's really loud , no bass thoughYoutube , Netflix , Pandora , and Hulu all work fineKeyboard Almost full sized and has good feel and key travelApp No real app but a lot of app launcher that open webpage . work well with ChromecastCons : Plasticy The keyboard sound and feel of the computer base Feel cheapScreen although it's glass , it's poor resolution 1366x768 Keyboard has a very cheap clicky sound to the keysSummary : I would never purchase this as my main computer but it perfectly fills that niche of a couch computer , first computer for a child , or for a child going off to college and you can only afford something sub 500 . Your college student child can make use of the 100GB of cloud storage that comes with buying Chromebook . 100GB of storage on Google Drive cost 60/year and you're getting it for free . 
  I really wish that you could get Microsoft Office on here , it would make this computer perfect !  ! Other than that I love everything else about it . I'm not sure the touch screen is really worth it since I don't see the functionality of reaching my hand off the keyboard to touch the screen . It's much easier to just use the trackpad . Other than that I love the size and the battery life !  ! 
  This is my first chromebook I also own a Macbook . The touchscreen is great and responsive , the laptop is fast and lightweight , the display is bright and clear , and the battery easily lasts 9 hour for web browsing . I really like this chromebook , and am glad I waited for this model to come out . I have 2 minor Con : 1 . Simple VPN connection work , but the SSL VPN connection used by my company does not work yet . Perhaps this will be working with future software Update . Unfortunately , I cannot use this to remotely connect to my computer at work for that reason , so I still opt to bring my Macbook when traveling . 2 . The charger takes up a lot of space much thicker then the laptop , and seems unique so you can't use other charger . I would prefer a USB charging interface . 
  I've only had this amazing little computer for a few day and I'm still learning how to navigate in the o and working with Word and Excel program in the Chrome environment . I'm learning a little more every time I use it . Not having to boot up is great , in fact everything you do happens instantly . There are so many app preloaded that all I added was a few game and a password program . They don't seem to count against any of my memory so except for a few file that I downloaded from window my 32 G drive is still empty . I never knew about Voice Search until someone told me about , that is definitely a fun feature . I hooked up a mouse and use that primarily but I am using the Touchscreen a little more with each session . My printer is not wireless so if I want to print something I have to save it as an Office file and print from my desktop . My next printer will be wireless . I love my big window computer but I wanted something portable that I could use in the living room and couldn't decide whether to get a Notebook , a Tablet or the Chromebook . I'm so glad that I chose the Chromebook , it's exactly what I needed . 
  I got this for my Boomer parent , who have somehow mastered their Android smartphone but still struggled with window 2000 . They picked it up instantly , and love the touch screen . There is no program they miss from window , and love how fast this machine responds . Being that they are boomer and use this for browsing , movie , photo , taxe , writing email , etc , they have found they don't need anything more . Plus , they love how well google Sync with their phone and how easily it is to learn how to use . Battery life is great , speed is great no video ever lags , no window or tab is slow , and it handles multi tabbing Pandora , picassa , turbotax , gmail and youtube like a champ !  . 
  I just love my chromebook .  .  .  . it does everything my desktop does , only it does it faster , and it is streamlined too . I will never buy another desktop , and soon I will be able to say the same about m y laptop .  . 
  1 , q , a , z all don't work from time to time . But other than that , a great chromebook . Touch screen is cool . 
  Look it up and read some full review . This laptop should be twice the cost ! Most people if you can get over MSOffice then you can do 99% of what most will use a laptop for and for the cost you can't beat it ! 
  Got this for my wife and she really likes it . The main reason it gets 4 out of 5 star is the learning curve . If you are already in the google world them you'll be fine . If you are just starting out you will be fine too . Just realize this isn't Microsoft or Apple . Plus is the touch screen . Easy for my wife while she feeds the baby and can do thing with one hand . Lately she was back on a laptop and couldn't scroll the screen with her finger and was wondering why it wasn't working !  !  ! Too funny . 
  In principal , I have always been sold on the idea of a Chromebook . But , in practice , I could never bring myself to give up on my trusty laptop . Slowly , over time , I have found myself migrating all my data and operation to the cloud . With Google Drive , Dropbox , Evernote , Nitrous . IO I can even do Web Programming from ANY DEVICE and anywhere . The Chromebook is great for travel because it is light , inexpensive , Contain NO PERSONAL DATA everything live in the cloud behind my Google account . I am not as worried about losing or damaging it because : a . I could replace it a very little expense compared to any other computing device b . My data would not be compromised if it fell into someone else's hand c . There would be no painful RECOVERY process to pick up where I left off on another deviceThis model includes a touch screen and , in that way , satisfies any need for a tablet all in one device . 
  Best way that I can describe Chrome book/Chrome o is this . Take decent ultra book , and strip it the o down to one basic function and that is a chrome web browser . Basically this is just a top notch web browser . For this particular model I was impressed of the design considering it's was about 299 x ma sale special . The new gen processor worked well . The touch screen was decent and responsive . game like Cut the Rope and Where is my water work just as well as if I was playing on my tablet . The track pad was decent . Not as great as a Mac Book but still good . Only thing that I would comment is that Chrome o doesn't really take full advantage of the touch interface . Battery was good and last a whole day , considering all you are doing is web base activity . Screen resolution is not a super sharp but its bright and viewing angle are good . video turn out as well as youtube can produce and the Speaker were good . I didn't really do much offline activity so I could not really rate it . Wifi connection is a must which might be down side since this very internet dependent . But what PC/Mac or tablet isn't internet dependent . Overall this is a good device for it's intended purpose . Simple set up and easy to learn . The price is the real selling point of these kind of device and like I said you get what you paid for . NOTE : Gmail/Google account is a must , as CHROME o was made for the Google ecosystem . For the bold and daring : you can install Crouton and it work well even with the touch screen with some minor programing . Crouton is a program that allows you to run Chrome o and Ubuntu at same time . With a simple keystroke you can switch back and forth with easy . Ubuntu is a full o based on Linux and it's a good to expand chrome book use like adding a office suite like Libre or Open office and other program like VLC player . Down side is that 2GB of Ram and 32GB of storage may not be ideal if you going to do more with Ubuntu . Update : I did end return this to Amazon a week later only because Dell Inspiron 3137 went on sale for the same price of 299 during the holiday . 
  Acer nailed it with this Chromebook . I realized how much time we spend just doing web based task at home and that an expensive notebook or even tablet was overkill . To get a fast start notebook with this kind of battery life along with touch was going to be too expensive . The C720P gives us what we really need at a great price . I use a Logitech/ZAGG keyboard with my work iPad . The C720P is kind of like a large touch tablet with a permanent keyboard . Great combination . The other reason I got this is to use with the Chromecast device . Very simple setup and it work great to throw Youtube video on the big screen or for Netflix . It couldn't be easier to use . 
  This is perfect if you want to surf , check message and don't need to real computer . It boot up instantly . I don't have the fastest wifi 3MB but I have had 10 tab open and it load photo quickly and video without pauses . I've taken it to some restaurant and it Pick up the wifi immediately and is ready to use . I bought it directly through Acer for 299 and 299 is the MSRP so don't fall for the pricing you see here . It's not really a 499 item onsale for 299 . You are not saving 40% ! 
  I love my Samsung Chromebook ARM and my Acer window laptop is fine , I just never use it anymore . But so does my kid , so I decided it was time to add another Chromebook . I found a C720P with 4GB of RAM instead of 2GB for this Amazon model for about 30 more . I believe the model are otherwise identical . This is much snappier than the Samsung due to faster processor , probably even with the same 2GB of RAM . I prefer the Samsung's matte screen but would definitely choose Acer's touchscreen for the functionality . Acer's keyboard is better ; Samsung's touchpad is bigger . The Acer's speaker sound louder/better . The Acer weighs about 7 ounce more than the Samsung . The power brick for the Acer is about twice the size of the Samsung's . I'm not sure about battery life yet . Overall this is a great improvement on function ; I expect convertible/detachable Chromebook will be next year's iteration , at which point I'll probably retire my last window laptop . 
  Love this computer . start fast , and connects easily to the internet . Very fast and easy to use . The touch screen work very nice as well . I had tried a Dell product with window 8 and it was slow and very hard to use . I returned it and bought the Acer Chromebook . 
  Chromebook is great for browsing web or for example checking mail . Acer C720P also have impressive battery life , so you can use it for all day long . Really useful laptop . 
  I bought it 1 year ago . has been working fineWould have given it four star if it'd faster ! 
  All the great review are spot on . Cool little computer .  .  .  .  .  . but they failed to mention the obvious . How's the o ? Never used a chromebook before so I didn't know what to expect . Felt more like a toy . Can't do a lot of stuff that you could do with window . Can't install any program ect . Again great computer , just think about all the little thing that window offer and make sure that you can do without . i . e . a quality spellcheck
  Purchased for my wife who doesn't use computer . I have created a monster . She loves it . Surfing constantly . Now using email and Facebook . 
  My second Chromebook the first being an Acer C7 which I like but not as much as this one . The touchscreen is great . I had read another review that said that after getting this model the user all but stopped using his Nexus 7 . That has happened to me as well . At one time I had thought of going to a larger Nexus and experimented with a 10 inch tablet to see if I liked the form factor . That now is fhe farthest from my mind as this Chromebook does all I want it to do and with regular web page instead of stripped down mobile version . The Acer boot up quickly and is fast enough for what I do with it . For added storage I tried an SD card but as when inserted , the card is not flush which I thought could be problematic and have since gone to a more compact thumb drive which work well for those file I want to have available on the go . I would definitely recommend it to other and I have . 
  This is a great travel computer . I loved the quick response and the touchscreen . I had to send it back because I did not realize that I could not download coordinates to my gp I thought it only needed a USB connection . It is because Garmin does have an app for the chromebook . Garmin only writes to the window and Apple platform . That discovery was a very BIG disappointment ! So , if you are a geocacher and need to download cache information and coordinates to your gp while traveling u2026thi will not work . I even called Garmin and u2018begged u2019 for an app . Perhaps they will have one someday , but not today . 
  I needed an easily portable laptop to bring to several site . As a window user for many , many year , I wanted something that quickly booted with very little maintenance needed . As an IT professional , I am perfectly qualified to maintain my own system , but I have multiple other PC and tablet , and adding another small PC to the list was not appealing . I tried to go with a tablet bluetooth keyboard , but it still didn't truly have the portability , ease , and quickness that I wanted . Chromebook sounded like what I needed , and I went with the Acer based on price and feature . I'm glad I did . After the quick 5 second boot up , I knew I would like it . If you are wondering if the touchscreen is worth it over the regular 720 model , it isn't , however the extra SSD space IS . The touchscreen is a nice feature , but I never use it . I was satisfied with Chrome o , but I am really satisfied with Bodhi Linux running on this . It work perfectly as a linux laptop , and the battery life remains high . The Chrome browser and most of its extension run perfectly on linux . I did not realize Bodhi Linux could not be dual booted with Chrome o yet , so the 32GB didn't really help me in the end . It will be great for heavy user and those needing the touchscreen for certain app . The 720 at 149 is a bargain for a working laptop . If you need the touchscreen , the 720P is quite a bargain as well . 
  Surprise travel gift for my wife and she loves it , so much better then other laptop and able to use for all she need . Finally , I got her something she didn't complain about !  !  ! 
  Very fast , the screen touch is very nice . The battery last a long time 7h . I work with excel , powerpoint and word in line , and I keep my work in Google DRIVE . 
  So had been debating moving to Chromebook for a while well why would you not given the price they are ? Anyway , now I wonder why I had not done it sooner ? work great , load of storage comes with it and everyone in the house now use it . Oh and this Acer machine goes like the wind and the touch screen is great . 
  I love Chromebook . I can't wait until they come out with a tablet version . The touch screen portion work well however I should have bought just the C720 non touch . It would have saved me some money . 
  Recently I purchased the Acer C720P and immediately tested the battery life . My first test consisted of leaving the screen on and letting the battery run down . It lasted 8 hour . Next I played a Netflix movie and it expired after 6 hour . It took 2 hour to recharge the Chromebook from empty . So far I have been very impressed with this computer . The trackpad is almost as good as a Mac laptop trackpad for sensitivity and response . The keyboard is also very good . The touchscreen seems responsive as well . When I am using the machine it doesn't seem that much slower than my i5 Haswell Intel powered desktop . With the SSD and Chrome o this Chromebook start quickly . No need for me to cover what it will not do because that is adequately covered in the press . For me , this Chromebook fills a need along with my iPad and desktop . 
  Great unit . Fast boot up 6 7 second run everything I need including office app via office . com . Touch screen is a real plus . 
  Compact , light and boot up in second . I use Google doc so it is perfect ! I'll never need the bulky laptop used to have . 
  Today is day 4 since I received my Acer C720P . Chrome o run fast , and the touch screen really helpful without mouse . I think google chromebook is a great product . I think it will better if Acer would improve the keyboard , it is a little bit hard for this version . 
  I have been a Mac user and use window PC only when it is necessary . I use a couple of tablet , too . If you try to add this machine to your existing PCs/Macs/Tablet , it would be your daily companion . It could have been lighter , but don't expect too much for around 300 notebook . It start up instantly literally , which reduces the stress I always feel when I use window machine . A
  The only think i don't like is the screen . the pixel is low . everything else work well . love it . I bought it for my kid she can watch you tube or netflix
  I hope people like it . It was just great and hope you like it . Be prepare to like it , like it . 
  This is perfect for a portable computer . I was thinking of a tablet but I like a keyboard and would have to purchase one if I bought a tablet . It is very thin and light , just the right size . The battery stay charge a very long time . I bought the white one for my wife . 
  I was looking for a replacement for my XP system which is rapidly approaching the much discussed end of life . What I wanted was a device which would be suitable for most all of my current computing need without the hassle of endless Update , conflict and maintaining several layer of security firewall , antiviru , virtualization / sandboxing . The C720P has hit the sweet spot for me . While fully realizing that it cannot do everything I might ever want or need , it will do the bulk of it and do it quickly and efficiently . When you consider the cost , performance and security built into the operating system the C720P is a real eye opener . I'm truly pleased to have taken the opportunity to experience a new to me operating system which broadens the choice beyond window and Mac . Try it . You may find it as liberating an experience as I have . 
  I have now been using my Acer Chromebook 720P for some three month . I delivers everything that is advertised . I love the 6 second boot up time . I keep forgetting to use the touch screen , so I cannot really comment on it . I know it work but I guess I am conditioned to use a mouse . I would assume if you are a tablet and smart phone user , The touch screen would be a valuable option . 
  Speed .  .  . portable .  .  . realiable .  .  . everything u need if u wanna stay socailly connected , business oriented and just overall satisfaction . I give 5 star . and a thumb up
  This is well worth the money if you understand what you are buying . Chromebook isn't a full fledge laptop but work great for all web based app . The only real downside for myself is that i enjoy renting movie on Google Play and dont have the ability to save the movie to my Chromebook . Other than that I prefer this over a tablet because its easier to hold or set on my lap . 
  Lightweight , easy to travel with , easy to use . Good price , fast delivery . I'm very happy with mychromebook . I have touchscreen and I would recommend it . 
  Just what I wanted . Light weight , simple , straight forward . I use it for browsing and email . Great quality for a great price . 
  This is a great laptop so far . Just using it for school and web browsing . The touchscreen is great , responds well . I am liking Chrome , except for a few thing : Its complicated to set up my generic printer , you have to do it through another computer so I haven't even bothered & it does not supper IE , which I desperately needed to access for work the other day . Chrome browser is comparable to IE unless you are running a system that is truly not compatible with anything but IE . Then your SOL . Also , I did not think about how very very small 11 . 6 inche is .  .  . let me tell you , its SMALL . But I have gotten used to the size and it doesn't bother me anymore . 
  this computer is legit . gotta love the Amazon Prime account . IF you don't have its a must have . Thank you once again
  I bought this Chromebook because my Dell laptop died . I decided to use the HDMI port to plug it into my 36 inch Sony tv . It work great and drive the bigger picture perfectly . Once the tv is active , you can close the Chromebook and just use the tv and usb keyboard and mouse in docked mode . Essentially , there is only one software program and that is the Chrome browser . All the app from the app store run on that and there is no lengthy download or updating of them . They load and run instantly . Because this computer is not running a bunch of software at one time , it is quite fast even at 2GB . Online video , tv and the likes of Netflix run great . If you are looking for a bunch of specialty software , this is not for you . It did print to my wireless printer from the cloud , but it was a little tricky getting it going and there is a delay . It only print from the cloud to an Internet connected printer . The online Google doc word processer and the spreadsheet are quite adequate for my simple use . bookmark from my other Chrome browser went right to my Chromebook browser , which is great . I don't believe it will recognize a usb DVD drive , and I don't know if a portable hard drive will work either . But a USB Flash drive will work and I transferred a bunch of file from a SD card . WIFI always work well from my router . Haven't tried it outside my home . It takes a little getting used to after window or MAC computer , But the best thing about it is the speed . Google's cloud storage is fine , and you can always plug in flash drive . Essentially , I'm using it as a desktop attached keyboard , mouse and tv monitor and to be honest I haven't even used the touchscreen . It sure beat the heck out of my slow old Dell and I can always count on it booting up in a couple of second . Realy , the online TV and video work better than my larger Sony Google TV . It just happened to fit the case of my little HP Netbook , which is great ! 
  I love my Acer C720 , it's lightweight and does everything I need it to do and is very user friendly ! 
  Great price , love the touch feature and the form factor of the laptop !  ! Very happy with this machine and would recommend ! 
  Bought this for teenage daughter to take into high school . She loves it . Lightweight . Long battery life . Not m window . School district here encourages student to BYOD . Already had a Samsung Note II , which is great for quick note , quick Google searche , taking photo of the board , etc . but isn't useful when needing to generate a document e . g . write a paper , short story , etc .  . The Chromebook excel as a portable word processor and web browser for longer search session . When not n use for school work , has become the YouTube video browser of choice .  .  . larger screen then any tablet , still light enough for use while in bed or on the sofa . Bought this model as it includes a touch screen and slightly longer battery life than the Samsung model . This Acer is very impressive . I may buy other Acer product in the future based on how great this experience has turned out . 
  This little Laptop is lightning fast and just he right size . It is very sturdy . My kid use google chrome for school , so this is a great inexpensive tool for them to use . Plus , unlike the surface , it includes the keyboard , security and the program they need . It is a simple format and very user friendly in that respect . 
  I had bought this for hubby , He loves it . He said it does everything he need and more . Also great battery life . 
  Ordered for our 16 yo daughter , and while it seemed to be a good fit , the negative not a laptop , etc , review and ad did have me questioning . However , with my computer geek son's recommendation , and more research , I went for it . It arrived promptly , very well packaged , and our daughter absolutely loves it , especially the Touchscreen abilitie ! After using it for 8 day during winter break , she has been able to do everything with it , and has not found anything she was not able to do ! What a relief ! 
  I enjoy the speed , nice touch screen , gesture touch pad , light weight , no hassle internet , off line document prep , photo , and multimedia , USB3 , extended battery life . The sound is the best I have heard from any laptop . While many reviewer claim Chromebook are limited in use , I prefer this over my Intel I 7 window 8 . 1 computer for internet browsing , and YouTube . I would prefer the Acer C720P over many window 8 computer .  . 
  Ok so this is short , I love the Chromebook thing , why ? Sometimes I just want something light , fast and distraction free . I own a regular Window Laptop , Desktop , Nexus 7 and Note 3 for Smartphone and this recently purchased chromebook is a must have . Very fast , simple and light . Good Job ACER . 
  After the HP Chromebook got recalled I thought I would never recover , but this thing blow that silly HP whitey out of the water . For about 30 or so more you get a touchscreen . I love the option of touching and mousing . I love that these Chromebook make no noise . I love the battery life . The only thing that I don't have access to on this little cutey are some program that have not migrated to the new age of app and webware . But there's an app for that too . 
  Outstanding computer . Once you make the mental leap to doing everything online you will see why a chromebook is amazing . Superfast without expensive hardware . You can't upgrade it but you don't need to so there is no money to be spent later on this machine . 0 worth of software to buy . No worrie about viruse , period . start up and shut down in second . I hated waiting for a long update every other time I started up my pc . You open the cover of a chromebook and go ! My other computer eventually get so cluttered that they slow down to the point that I want to scream . The chromebook does not really get loaded up so this will not be a problem . And you can scrub the thing and start over if you want . But what about backing up my data first ? No need , it's in the cloud . Now I will have to spend an entire day reloading all my software . No need , there is no software . No spinning hard drive to heat up your laptop and kill your battery . The battery life of this chromebook is super long . The solid state drive and RAM are small but there is no need for them to be big everything is done on the web and it has more than enough space and power to open up 10 tab in the browser . It play music well , the video streaming from youtube and netflix is smooth , the screen is not super bright but it is not bad either . Connect it to your TV with an HDMI cable and get stunning 1080 streamed video . It has a matte finish so glare is not a problem . It's also small and very light . To print you will need a cloud printer or be in a home with any regular computer that is connected to a regular printer . You will just need to turn on cloud print in chrome on the regular computer , it's simple . It has USB and SD connection so you can play music or video locally if needed . You can copy file from a flash drive onto the chromebook drive or google drive . If you have application that need to be loaded onto a computer hard drive then a chromebook will not work for you . If you want to use it in place were there is no wi fi it is also not a good choice as it's offline use it pretty limited . But if you want something for web surfing , watching video , Facebook , and light word processing I highly recommend it . Plus , it's inexpensive and you will not need to put any more money into it . 
  but i must admit , i don't find much use in the touch screen , and if i need a touch , i generally switch over to a little tablet . and the screen ? it's just OK .  .  .  .  . not terribly bright or viewable from angle . a solid chromebook , but not a revelation . 
  I love this thing . I use it as a regular computer . Google drive is amazing . The one thing that really pisses me off is that it shut off by itself out of nowhere . It's been doing it a lot ! Is this normal ? 
  I purchased the Acer 720P as a second laptop , something I can keep in my room or carry around and allow me to do most of what I use a laptop for . I am browsing , emailing , watching Youtube video , listening to music . I can even use software that normally cannot run on Chrome o via a terminal server . I have few game and an ssh terminal running on it . At first I didn't use the touch screen much but I find myself using is more an more and it work very well . I found this machine to be very well built and unlike some other reviewer my keyboard is rock solid , it doesn't flex nor rattle . Battery life is very good and it is nice to do all of the above for 3 4 hour and find that I still have plenty of power left . 
  Extremely satisfied with this product . The C720P has replaced my Nexus 7 2013 . Having the ability to type with a keyboard is a plus Feel just like a laptop . Also , the use of the responsive touchscreen make browsing quick and easy ; Feel just like a tablet . Fast boot up 7 sec is awesome . Battery life is exceptional and live up to the manufacturer's spec . Lastly , the Moonstone White is very clean looking and pretty . 
  turn on immediately . Good battery life . Can't beat Acer product for price and value . I don't use touchscreen . too many word for review
  If all you do is browse the internet , then this is device for you ! I bought this thing refurbished on here courtesy of Acer for 220 . Man what a steal ! Keyboard Feel a little flimsy at time but hey ! For 220 there's not much to gripe about ! I consider the battery life to be pretty good considering what I do with it youtube , internet browsing , etc . This does support VPN client for work and what not but it didn't work with my job My workplace's fault , not the chromebook . If you REALLY NEED offline application , then I encourage you to look elsewhere . Microsoft has just released Office app for the ChromeStore so making the jump to this while sticking to m Office make it easier . Of course , there's always Google doc as well although compatiblity isn't superb with office doc . Seriously , what have you got to lose ? It's 300 ! If you don't like it , return it ! Perfect little guy for those of us who don't like tablet and want an actual keyboard . And it's touch which is a nice bonus . If you want a second device that's relatively inexpensive , this is it ! If you want a main device , hey if you're creative enough , you can do it with this too ! 
  This is perfect , specially if you are on a budget : totally recommend , Although its a Chromebook , the offline app like GoogleDrive and stuff work really well . Perfection . 
  Quick boot up , perfect size , touch screen make for convenient browsing . The price could not be beat . Free storage on Google Drive eliminates the need for a hard drive . 
  I had been using the Samsung Chromebook Wi Fi , 11 . 6 Inch for about a year now . When I saw the spec of the Acer C720P , I decided that it was time to upgrade . I'm happy that I did . As advertised , the Acer is noticibly faster and is more energy efficient . The touch screen is fun to use and at time even useful . The Acer does weighs a bit more than the Samsung , but not enough to be a problem . The Acer does Feel more sturdy than the Samsung . 
  I've had this Acer C720P Chromebook since christma and couldn't be happier with it's performance and speed , the power last all day and I don't even think about it dying on me like I had to do the our other laptop . I also love how it doesn't heat up on your lap like the other one did . It pull up 8 tap of web site so fast it's amazing and the 100GB Google storage is also a great freebie for 2 year . The touch screen is one of the other great feature this new Acer C720P has and that's why I waited for it instead of getting the non touch screen model in November . I would buy another one in a second if I needed one and would highly recommend it . You'll Love It !  ! 
  This chrome book is light weight and great price . Very easy to set up can use right out of box
  The perfect christma present for my kid ! The touchscreen was a super bonus , making it tht much cooler to them ! 
  Just what it is designed to be . Lightweight and easy to take with you anywhere . Amazingly fast start up . Great display . 
  .  .  . I have both a C720P touchscreen and a C720 ! Chromebook are a bit of an acquired taste as they really allow you to browse the web and do email , not much more . That is pretty much what I do 90% of the time . So , a CB does not replace a PC . However , a CB is a total Solid State Device , needless to say it is fast , light , boot in 7 second and will run for 8 hour on a battery charge .  .  . it is a different experience from a PC !  .  .  . the 720p has a touchscreen and it work great .  .  . but I discovered for my own use that a touchscreen is more applicable to a tablet as opposed to a desktop device .  .  . your preference may be different .  .  .  . but bottom line , the 720P and 720 are GREAT device .  .  . and the 720 priced at approx 199 is the steal of the decade . 
  I was skeptical buying a Chromebook . I wasn't sure how I would use it , or what it would be like . Without a doubt I can say this was a great purchase . Will I be using this to play game other than Flash based ? No . Will I use this to edit video ? No . Is this going to be my workhorse computer ? No . But for the price , it wasn't meant to be . This is perfect for me . While I love tablet , one of the biggest problem with them is the inability to type . This fixe that problem . I can now write email and type document quickly without the hassle of trying to find the right key . I also love how my wife and I can use the same book without a problem . I just sign out of my account and she sign into her . No problem . I am very happy and glad that I invested the money . If you're on the fence , don't be anymore . This is the way to go . 
  I've been moving into the Google cloud for a while and have little need for installed software so this machine was great fit . It fast and work even better with Google service that Chrome app on a window machine . The learning curve was small compared to window 8 . My only complaint is that Citrix Reciever doesn't work so I can't use this machine to remote into work . According to several forum it used to work so I hope that Google and Citrix resolve this issue soon . Bottom line , unless you are a photographer or have a need for heavy m office use a Chromebook will suit most people need for a fraction of the cost of a Mac or decent window machine . 
  I purchased this to evaluate whether it would be a good choice for a Bring Your Own Device BYOD for School in the next year . I didn't want an expensive laptop or one where I had to ensure stuff was backed up and virus free and not loaded with software that dragged it down or a tablet which would be stolen and difficult to use for actual school work . My kid love it , its very fast , start quickly , gives a great experience my youngest hasn't actually touched his 2 year old Mac Book Pro since we got it . I haven't been able to try out the HP Chromebook 14 or 11 yet , as they just haven't been in stock , but this one is a keeper ! The mix if touch and keyboard just seems to work perfectly . 
  this laptop is perfect for me . Easy to use . I am older and I can use this without a problem . Thank so much . Ruth
  The C720P 2666 Chromebook exceeds expection . The touchscreen work really well , and like window 8 /w touchscreen change the way that you interact with the computer . Its small enough were the screen isn't too far away so while your reading a web page you can just scroll with your finger not have to move the mouse or gesture on the mousepad . It does mean that the screen can get dirty , but that is true of any touch screen . Multitasking work well , which I have head is a problem with the ARM Chromebook . I bought this chromebook so that I could watch movie on plane ride / work easily remotely with a lightweight laptop that doesn't cost much . For personal stuff it work great and when I need to do some work I just RDP through the VPN and it work great . I have all the power of my desktop remotely . Since I am connected to the IT world , a lot of family and friend ask for suggestion for laptop in educational and personal environment . This is perfect . 
  It is what it is . If you use your computer mainly for internet usage then this is a nice device . Good battery life you you pretty much never have to be plugged in as long as you charge between use . Still getting familiar with Chrome so I'm probably not doing everything that it's capable of . Not sure about it's app either . There is one for PDF editing that I tried and it is garbage . But for browsing , Netflix , etc it gets the job done . 
  this fit the bill for intended use . i mainly check email and surf the web . this is very fast in loading page and it work very nice with touch screen . mouse pad work well . haven't really found and 'cons'
  Maybe I'm spoiled by my window desktop but , this computer more like a tablet with a keyboard is lacking in the functionality department . Don't get me wrong it's very fast , the touch screen is awesome , and the battery lasts forever , but you better have an internet connection because without it , this thing is worthless !  ! You can't put any software on it , if there isn't an app for it , you can't do it . It took me a couple hour to set up my printer , you can't just plug it in , you have to use Google Cloud Print and the printer I have isn't compatible with it , so I had to use the workaround , but I still don't know how to get it to connect to the printer without involving my desktop . The learning curve is steep , if you had a hard time learning window 8 , I'm not sure this is the computer for you . Seriously wish I'd bought a window laptop instead . I'm not entirely sure Google was ready to make a computer yet . I would recommend this computer for people who don't like Microsoft window , and don't mind giving up everything window is capable of , for an over sized phone . If there isn't an app for that .  .  .  . you're screwed . 
  I love it . It automatically Update . It had built in security . It's fast and everything you need is right at your finger tip . I wish it had a place for CD
  boot fast , love it for quick boot and web browsing . Don't really use the touch screen , not very useful . Can't zoom on all picture like on ipad . Can't print to my printer . Takes forever to upload picture to google drive . File management is extremely cumbersome . 
  I got my computer with great expectation !  ! Finally someone had figure out that people would like to use computer not be a slave to update and virus etc . What a great idea !  !  !  ! But when I got my chromebook there where no written instruction of how to do anything are to find out how to do anything . Took me over three day of if only I could send this piece of junk back I would !  !  ! before I figure out how to navigate even the least of thing . Finally found out I had a help button but it has completed disappeared !  ! Still have many question on how to do certain thing and have slowly figure them out by trial and error more than any other way . Instruction that I have found to do thing assumes that I am computer litter and not just try to learn . Can not found anyone nerd or not to get it to print to my printer . The touch part of the chromebook work on something , sometimes ? Everyday seems to be an adventure in to the dark of the unknown . God help me if it gets a virue who do I call what do I do ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? It is a great idea and could be so much better with the little bit of information that made cent to nonnerd . 
  Of course there is still a long long , long , and long way for Google and its partner to better Chromebook's quality , but most of consumer like me always want more from what they already purchased . I did not spend time in actual store like Best Buy to try this product on hand , which becomes the mistake to me that I regret about . The keyboard quality is terrible and you may miss typing letter because of this . Connecting to printer is another major issue the product has . For my laptop it does not memorize printer I added before and I have to connect it to them every single time . What a lesson .  .  . 
  I brought this computer as gift for son hoping that we could skype . Do not buy a chromebook if you want to video call with skype or oovoo . They will not work !  !  !  ! Google Chrome o is not supported by most video conferencing software . 
  christma gift . Beatitful picture . Quick start easy to use . Good size . Easy set up . Great first computer Feel good product
  First of all , you can buy it at Best Buy and other place for 299 . Second , I bought it and returned it .  . the screen is really small and resolution is really bad .  . my eye hurt after an hour . I love Chromebook and touchscreen concept though . I highly recommend waiting at least another six month . 
  ==CONTENTS==1 Quote2 Is It For Me ? 3 History4 Alternative Options4 . 1 TOP 5 Cheap 280 399 4 . 2 TOP 3 Cheap 399 499 5 Rant for privacy        Begin with a quote from Chromebook customer : While this is a laptop , it's not a work or school laptop unless your work is web based . This Chromebook isn't for writing report , term paper , power point presentation , excel file , photoshop , etc , etc , etc .  .  .  . it's for web browsing ! If you're looking for something for school or work , don't get a Chromebook , get something else . ClintG        ==IS IT FOR ME ? ===This review IS for you if .  .  .  .  . =If you're looking into Chromebook because you've been convinced by overall HYPE around this product instead of what it really is , then I highly advise you reading this review as it discusses and answer more of your question indifference between a real Windows/Mac o V . this Browser device . =This review is NOT for you if .  .  . =If you're among the 75% of the traffic who already aware what they're getting themselves into . BUT IF ALL YOU HAVE IS 200>CHROMEBOOK NONTOUCH IS STILL BEST VALUE FOR YOUR DOLLAR if ALL YOU NEED IT FOR IS BINGE STREAMING shows/movie AND SATISFITY YOUR ADDICTION ON FACEBOOK , COULD CARELESS HAVING YOUR VIRTUAL IDENTITY STOLEN BY GOOGLE , THEN THIS CHROMEBOOK IS THE DRUG FOR YOU : ==History==First you all , it's easy to judge my POV as being disingenuous . Vast majority of mainstream casual Internet crowd will no doubt view me this way but before writing me off , I'm just like you ! Originally a googler user on a Netscape browser since 1996 ! Google Continue to push innovation year after year , Chromebook are no exception . One of the goal they had with Chromebook was connecting the lower class to the Web . To do this they engineered a Browser like o chromeo . A software with low resource requirement in keeping price down . In the past getting online mean buying 600laptop but mid 2011 google changed that with Chromebook @ 200 ! before all that , the tech companie tried this as well ! The industry created a new category called netbook laptop 2007 . Cheap but slow , a deal breaker ! WHY ? because the technology wasn't there yet . Thus , we the consumer market correlated the term netbook CHEAP laptop = unusable SLOW . LOL Chromebook changed all that a few year ago . Finally a cheap but fast machine at a fraction of a price are now at the hand of the budget conscious buyer . Is it a full working laptop ? Definitely not . But it's perfectly fine for people needing to browse the internet .  .  . at least for now . Then another cause and effect shift in innovation occurred in the industry . Cause > MOBILE device boom , EFFECT > Faster Tech evolution . INTEL & AMD's new SoC and APU chip . To the novice reader , those two companie are the brain power of the industry . AND the latest shift in innovation occurred late October 2013 , higher level of processing power paved way reengineered netbook * to match Chromebook affordability but offering user usability a full functionality of window o and not just a Browser backboned o chromeo . The Technology finally caught up . 11 14 Touch laptop w/ advanced SoC/APU based notebook from various OEM are bringing back NETBOOK category to life . These was what asu EeePC shoud have been in 2008 . But unfortunately , our frustrating experience of netbook in year past is hard to forget , the damage has already been done . Unless you're curious enough to give it another go .  .  . and i did . Honestly I didn't expect much but I was shocked . All i can say is you dont need 700 to have a fast window .  .  . its possible on a 380 and bonus its a touch screen notebook !  .           ==Alternative Options==I was doing my research i found these for the EQUAL PRICE , Spent many hour creating this list for my own buying guide but decided to keep updating it , pl thumb up . thanks==TOP 5 Cheap 280 399 TOUCH NOTEBOOKS==Typically between 11 . 6 to under 14 touchscreen , 3 . 7 2 . 6 lb or below in weight . This is for buyer looking for functional , portable , light weight , bang for your buck notebook that not only good enough for web browsing except rank No . 5 NO . 1 / 335 HP Pavilion 11 e015nr TouchSmart 11 . 6 Touch Screen AMD Elite Quad Core A6 1450 06/01/2013 / 4GB DDR3 / 320GB HD / window 8 64 bit OSOR from a different seller here .  .  . HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 e015nr 12 Inch Touch Screen Laptop Notebook 1 . 0 GHz up to 1 . 4GHz AMD Elite Mobility Quad Core A6 1450 Accelerated Processor , 4GB DDR3 SDRAM , 320GB 5400RPM hard drive , window 8 64 bit Pro : Quadcore A6 1450 SoC are usually in notebook at 450 category but for HP asking 350ish ? DEAL ! but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4GB , / one of the better CPU/APU option in this category for gaming Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high setting but lag free ! /Upgradable to 8GB verified Con : 320GB instead of 500GB , HP build quality is avg compared to asu or Lenovo but that subjective . price fluctuates too much , if seller increase their price closer to 400 i would not recommend buying this or any 11 . 6 note book . Because at 400 asking price , you can find a better spec notebook at 14 touch screen size . I made my Top notebook List at 400 tag below , for detail . NO . 2 / 359 Lenovo IdeaPad S210 59387503 11 . 6 Inch Touchscreen Laptop , 1 . 9 GHz Intel Pentium 2127U ULV dualcore , 2 MB Cache , 3rdgen/Ivy Bridge , July2013chip 134 , 4GB RAM , 500GB HD Black Pro : Light weight at 3 . 1lb ,  . 9 thick . Great 720p camera for Skype , 1usb 3 . 0 , TouchScreen . Con : Battery life , No Bluetooth . not a great deal if price increase to closer to 400 . at 400 price rage , I'd advise looking into 14 notebook option listed below , to get more for your money . NO . 3 / 379 Toshiba Satellite NB15T A1302 , Intel Celeron Processor N2810 2 . 0 GHz bay Trail M 09/11/2013 , 4 GB DIMM RAM/8GBupgradable , 500GB HD , Wireless AC Dualband , 11 . 6 Inch Touch screen LaptopPROS : CPU Toshiba NB15T is not as fast as the Dell Inspiron but i like 802 . 11 AC and its 8GB upgradable , light and thin , USB 3 . 0 , Bluetooth . Con : no disc drive but normal for mininotebook , no backlitkeyboard but again normal for mini notebook at this price point . NO . 4 / 346 Dell Inspiron 11 i3137 3751sLV , Intel Celeron 2955U Processor 2M Cache , 1 . 4 GHz , 10/01/2013 , 4thgen/Haswell 2 GB DDR3 , 500 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive 11 . 6 Inch Touchscreen LaptopPROS : I ranked this Dell on top of the list because newer and fastest CPU on the list , has top end 500GB HD , Con : but sacraficed with only 2GB ram , report of poor screen quality ! Vertually bottlenecking the performance of Celeron 2955U Haswell . Investing 60 to ugrade the ram to 8GB and it will run even better ! update , New no . 1 is HP above . For gaming its gets the job done but AMD A6 1450 is better with graphic . ugrade the memory is a must . NO . 5 / 299 asu X200CA HCL1104G , Intel Celeron 1007U Dual core 1 . 5GHz Processor , Ivy Bridge01/21/2013 , 86 , 320GB HD , 4GB Ram , 11 . 6 inch Touch Screen Laptop window 8 , 4GB Memory , 320GB Hard Drive , Black Con : has on board memory and cant upgrade from factory memory spec , 320GB , SLOW Celeron1007U than other newer CPU above list . You can get frustrated quickly if you intend to do more than browsing the internet due to low spec part . Pro : Cheap price , good tool for Web , email , and other light activity only . Caution , this notebook is the only one on my list that i'd stricktly recommend for netbook user only . Work load beyond doing facebook or websurfing this cant handle anything more . / 454 Acer Aspire V5 122P 0637 11 . 6 Inch Touchscreen Laptop Chill Silver 1 . 0 GHz up to 1 . 4GHz AMD Elite Mobility Quad Core A6 1450 Accelerated Processor , 6GB DDR3 SDRAM , 500GB 5400RPM hard drive , window 8 64 bitPROS : ip screen better color and viewing angle probably best screen on this list , Same CPU/APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above thus Pro are identical , 500GB Hard Drive , 6GB RAM ! best gaming capable system at the light weight 11 . 6 Touch screen category . Enough power in this noteboko to deleiver performance that it could act as secondary main PC . Con : Expensive at 450 but it has 6GB RAM instead 2GB and 500GB HD instead of 340GB with the AMD A6 1450 Quadcore instead of poor performance AMD A4 1250 Dualcore AVOID at all cost ! NOTE : Lenovo Ideapad 14 at 450 is equally great spec . product down this list . But honestly at 450 499 Price range there's far more model to pick from but one should expect to have 14 touch screen or bigger , A8 EliteQuadcore APU processor or Intel i3 , 6GB Ram , and 650GB Harddrive . 2x USB 3 . 0 at the very least . Such as the HP Pavillion 14 listed below . ______________________________________________________________________________==BEST 5 TOP 399 499 14 TOUCH notebook between 4 . 7lb 5 . 6lb in weight==This is for buyer needing more performance in their notebook but still portabile and lightweight . These notebook are powerful enough to act as your secondary main PC machine for school , work and home . WHAT YOU DESERVE AT 400 Typically increase in price thus increase in quality of part . At this price range expect a 14 Screen Touch , with CPU Intel i3 or AMD's A6 or A8 processor I favor AMD due to their graphic performance doubles that of Inte , bettery life , and quadcore . NO . 1 TIED / 448 Lenovo IdeaPad S415 59385549 AMD A6 5200M May 23 , 2013 2 . 0 GHz Processor 2 MB Cache05/23/2013 , Kabini , 4 GB DDR3 RAM , 500 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive , 14 Inch Screen Touchscreen , ATI Radeon HD 8400 Integrated graphic , window 8 , 5 hour battery .  .  .  , Pro : Its an IdeaPad brand build quaity , 14 touch , Battery life 5hr !  , 720p HD webcamCONS : OR Look at Brand new line of Lenovo Flex 14 Base : 455 its awesome ! not sold in amazon cause its so new , find out more lenovo . comNO . 1 TIED / 443 Lenovo IdeaPad S400 14 . 0 Inch Touchscreen Laptop Silver GreIntel Core i3 3217U ULV 1 . 8 GHz Processor 3 MB Cache , 06/03/2012 sandybridge , 500 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive , 4 GB DDR3 RAM Pro : Cheap price for little over 400 , hyperthreaded , has an expensive CPU inside from 2012 . 720p HD webcamCONS : 5 . 5lb its 1 lb heavier than Ideapad S415 4 . 6Ib , 4hr battery compared to 5hr on Ideapad S415 , AMD A6 chip . CPU is old Sept 2012 , lower battery life . NO . 2 / 479 HP Pavilion 14 f027cl 14 Touch Laptop , AMD A8 5545M 6GB Memory 640GB Hard DrivePROS : Battery life , 5hrBig 14 touchscreen , Higher grade AMD Elite Quad Core A8 5545M Accelerated Processor with 4MB L2 Cache , Bigger 640GB Hard drive , and 6 GB RAM , More usb 3 . 0 . A8 5545M is higher step APU compared to next 2 laptop below sporting an A4 1450 APU thus this is faster and better choice for gaming . Con : 1 . 7lb heavier than 11 . 6 notebook , Expensive if your budget goal is to get a capable notebook for under 400 . Dont buy if 475 asking price . 500 preice range there are better product selection at 15 Notebook category . NO . 3 450 IdeaPad Flex14 59393809 Intel Celeron ULT 2955U Processor 1 . 40GHz 1600MHz 2MB window 8 . 1 64 14 HD LED 10 Point Multitouch 1366x768 Intel u00ae HD graphic , 4 . 0GB PC3 12800 DDR3L SDRAM 1600 MHz , 500GB 5400 RPM , Lenovo BGN Wireless Bluetooth Version 4 . 0 , Multi finger one piece TouchPad , 4 Cell 48 Watt Hour Lithium Ion 5hr Battery , 1 USB 3 . 0 , 2 USB 2 . 0 , 4 . 4 lb . Pro : do a search for IdeaPad Flex14 59393809 , Good price base model at 450 , has more updated spec and form factor* . new flip screen design . Con : Not listed in amazon yet , Look at Lenovo . com instead . CPU is slightly lower in grade than notebook above . TIP : Visit Lenovo , asu , HP , Dell , Toshiba website and research their latest budget model line as those model will have the must Update CPU in them . Dont relay on Amazon's 3rd party seller cause i discovered that more than / 70% of laptop being sold here are outdated as i did my research . for / 350 notebook are so available for consumer looking for quick value notebook . 10 . 1 14 Touchscreen/ 2 . 7lb 4 . 7Olb And full working compute solution not just a Web Browser disguised as a o . and BTW all those free app on Chromebook can be used on any Chrome browser running in a window notebook , so wouldn't that already defeat the purpose of Chromebook ? Let's compare , I hope you all know that installing a Chrome browser in a pc and running the google app within the Chrome browser in essence owning chromebook for free ? Plus you don't have to handicap your self w/ limited productivity option on chromeo . BUT IF ALL YOU HAVE IS 200 , AND ALL I WANT TO IS BROWSE THE INTERNET AT HOME . CHROMEBOOK NONTOUCH IS STILL KING ! but at 350 category you get more functionality for your money with a window 8 touch notebook . End . ==RANT FOR PRIVACY==__________________________________RANTING : REGARDING ADVERTISING DRIVEN BUSINESS STEALING INNOCENT AMERICANS' RIGHT TO PRIVACY__________________________________________Microsoft make business by selling SOFTWARE . Apple make business by selling HARDAWRE . Google Inc . make business selling neither Software nor Hardware , they profit basically from stealing from you to sell to advertiser ! Android ecosystem has a large number of app and Chrome's app selection seemed to be growing as well . But is this really a good thing ?  ? Huge number of Android app and even popular one .  .  . sucks your personal info , web searche , essentially what I'm saying is Google/ ADROID ecosystem is a borderline collection of malicious app that record your unique personal internet personality in the background , selling your virtual finger print to Corp . Americana's advertiser without your consent . Your info doesn't stop there , since Post Snowden era we come to find out that Google's created ecosystem of personal info gathering matrix has be the main resource hub for modern GOD among men NSA . Its unfair to just point the blame at google inc .  , no doubt m is not immune my criticism although it will be a matter of time when they would stop selling software and resort free distribution and mining personal data business model . watch the video link below and prepare to blow you mind . Bing search : /watch ? v=b0w36GAyZIA If they have powerful enough data analytic , the NSA can't be anything LESS than GOD among men . RANT OVER : 
  Like the touchscreen . Gives it a tablet feel . I hate the o . Very limited as to the program it will run . For Google doc people , it might be fine . For me , I'll even take window 8 over this . In fact , I did . I returned it , sucked it up , and bought an 8 . Oh , well . 
  we needed window on it . and we cannot download our window or office program on the laptop . i think it would be a good purchase if you do not want window program on the computer . 
  I BEGED them for an INSTRUCTION BOOK , I SPOKE to amazon on the phone 2 time , I was told that they would honor my request Both time , being disable with menerie's desease I HAVE a focusing problem . Last time we were in contact I finally got my warrantee paper , but still no instruction booklet , It's a real pain trying to do thing 15 time to try to get thing done . I'vetalked to best buy and the say that they can get then m for those they sold . IS it JUST DISABLED senior , you don't RESPECT . I've been calling since I purchased this . I can not use it out side . WHO the hell do i BEG too .  ,  . to get answer 2154651714 insdan3521@hotmail . com ACER720pIT IS NOW 03/30/2014 I have still received NO INSTRUCTION BOOK< , I was told on the phone by amazon operator that IT was coming Well IT's NOT HERE , also this devise change code at will , IT's I am dealing with a machine possessed , jumping from site to sight . I AM TRULY SORRY TO HAVE RECEIVED THIS PANIC CREATION DEVICE , MY ADVISE TO other IS TO READ THIS BEFOR BUYING . I HATE THIS THING , HATE . SAVE YOUR SANITY THE COMPANY DOESN'T CARE THEY JUST WANT THE MONEY . GIVE IT TO SOMO0NE YOU HATE . POSSESED , WITH NO instruction . JUST A PICTURE 4 dot
  my daughter loves this she is able to get on all of her favorite site and play her game everyday
  I couldn't wait to get this . I use the a macbook pro retina as my daily work machine . I wanted this for a side computer just for email and browsing . If you're used to a retina type display , this display is not even close to being tolerable . I'm returning the unit . I rather wait for something with somewhat of a good display . The display has a blue tint and is hard to use . 
  If you don't work & don't play hard this computer toy is for you . But I feel sorry for you , folk . I'd rather swim in Tuxedo , than pretend that chromeo is a working o , Chrome browser is a real WebBrowser , and Gmail can be employed for professional/business use . I love Goodle for their core product search Internet & Global Maps/Positioning , but to pretend Chrome toy is a business o or serious home o is a fallacy . I am the one , by the way , who wrote to Google when it was still a few engineer within Yahoo's research division , back in 1996 or 1998 been long time , don't remember exactly to keep search's GUI simple versus bloated at that time and still now Yhaoo's interface , they listened , Thank , that's why Google is so sleek search wise . But PLEASE don't tell me this ChromeBook or chromeo , Chrome Browser , Chrome this & that is a serious product . It is a toy . If you're a kid or 90 year old and only care for primitive letterz & stuff .  .  . this tiy is for you . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOE . If you pay for .  .  .  .  . you get .  .  .  . back I can't type some word in a public domain For anyone with serious need , please analyze what can industry do for you for 250 300 , no much . If you want to be cheap , light , ultraportable , and STILL a real Netbook a better deal is I got a 500 HP DM1Z with Windows7 , Intel SSD 240MB enterprize edition or similar ?  , AMD APU based not ARM E 1800 , the system run for 9 hour on a single charge , weighs nothing , thin like Mac Air , not a full sized laptop but way better than ChromeBook . I ended up EVEN running Adobe Photoshop on it with not too bad result , its main strength is discrete class video yet physically built into APU CPU with Video . It cost mere 230 more than this toyful ChromeBook . I mean , if you go for ChromeBook , why not pretend your Android SmartPhone is a laptop too just connect external display via Miracast protocol , keyboard/mouse via WiFi and enjoy your clever saving it saves a whopping 200 over a real laptop with window or Linux============================================================================UPDATE 10Feb2014 : I WISH TO POINT OUT : The repeated mentioning of Chromebook .  . boot instantly is no more instantly than my multiple machine with Intel SSD as boot device AND important proper management of startup processe ! On your window machine , do following : boot , wait 5 minute , rightclick on taskbar >TaskManager >Processes , read bottom/statusbar , how many do you have running for all user ? I bet a huge number ! My count is : 21TWENTY ONE processe is all I allow to load . People complaining on window booting forever or say for 10 minute , did not manage the rubbish they allow to loadup/startup , ya'll have those useful utilitie loading from Adobe autoupdate to window autoupdate to audio enhancement to lame AOL or another messenger and a pile of other taking precious processing time to load and maintain in memory RESIDENT . PLUSMany of you complaining on window , allow Antiirus AntiSpyware program run at all time real time , but how come I've never been infected at home & yet no Antivirus/AntiSpyware is easting away CPU/memory/diskIO cycle here ? My window machine boot like a solidstate device , well in fact they boot off Intel SSD's , but I emphasize it is NOT merely SSD or whatever bootdevice , it is the absence of myriad useless memory hog loading at startup , which most of you allow . 
  Very disapointed .  . When I bought it I did not realize that it was not window based and I find it won't run any of the program I use regularly . I have given it to my son and I am going to have to buy another computer . You might make it clearer that this notebook is not window based to stop other people making the same mistake as I did
