  This is a great product but you need to be careful in setup in order to avoid crashing and blackout . Recommend following step to enjoy this wonderful device : 1 . Read as much of favorable and unfavorable review on Amazon before powering up . 2 . Fully charge before powering up . 3 . Do not do any window update until you do 44 . Go to pc setting and change window update setting from auto install to download Update but let me choose whether to install them . So much of crashing has been due to auto update installation coming off sleep mode or during booting especially the large update right off the bat . window will let you know that there are Update to be installed . Now you are able to review and choose one you want to install . More importantly , you are installing Update while the device is up and running thereby reducing the risk of being locked out . I've had two instance of failed to install on Update during this manual installation but no crashing . When I retried to install on the next day , installation was successful in both case . By the way , I have installed all Update so far . 5 . asu has new bio update on their website strongly recommend updating to bio 2206 . Turn off three finger and edge gesture on touchpad . 7 . I use my Samsung galaxy note 2 charger with no problem . I think any Samsung or LG smartphone charger would work . Its not any faster but has longer cord . 8 . Call asu customer service with any issue . Generally they are helpful . If asu recommend sending in for repair , try returning it to the retailer for exchange or refund first . 9 . Buy illumishield screen protector your screen is no longer a fingerprint magnet . 10 . Get 64GB as 32GB is not enough . Hope above helps . This is a fantastic device , doubly so at this price . Update : I've had this device for nearly three week with no problem whatsoever . In fact , with window and bio Update , its performance has improved . For example , the touchpad work better and battery consumption during sleep mode has gone down from 5% per hour to 1% . I have kept my window update setting to manual installation and do not intend to allow auto installation until crashing issue are completely resolved . There is nothing to lose by taking this precaution and judging by many window update related crashe still being reported , this is a prudent action . Update 2 : Its been nearly month and half and this devise has mostly replaced my desktop . I bought 22 inch Samsung HDTV to replace 17 inch monitor . Micro HDMI to HDMI cable connection allows me to watch Netflix while doing email , web surf , or word doc on TV screen . Simply amazing . For the past week , I have changed window update setting to auto installation with no issue got tired of almost daily window defender update . I still recommend new user to maintain manual window update installation for the first three week . My daughter recently purchased Dell Venue 11 Pro for bigger screen and slightly better spec and got locked out after allowing automatic window update installation . As is the case with T100 , there is a large initial window update on Dell Venue . The thing would not turn on no matter what we tried . She received a new one few day ago and needless to say , MANUAL INSTALLATION only . 
  This has got to be one of the best tech value besides the Nexus 5 and Nokia 520 . Fro 350 400 , you get a FULL FEATURED 10 inch window 8 tablet that comes with a keyboard dock ! Tablet one second , netbook the other ! Its a fantastic device that gets 5 star for its superb value alone ! Great screen ! People online may gripe on the 720p display , but you'll never notice using it Battery life : Took it off the charger 7am this morning , and been using it straight since browsing the internet , viewing several Youtube video both on Flash and Metrotube app , reading pdf with Bluetooth and Webcam on . Now at 4pm , and still have 40% on the tank ! Definetly liberating from netbook where under clocking underpowered device was a necessity to get that battery life . About as good as my iPad . The Speaker ! As an iPad owner , I'm impressed . Very clear and very loud . definitely betrays their size . I've never had reason to crank it up past 50% so far . FULL window 8 . 1 ! This can't be said enough . I think almost everyone who has bought a Netbook did so to get a full window experience in a relatively portable format , where I do not feel afraid to use the device on a subway , and doesn't require me to bring a charger . This thing a BEAST for its size . Wana watch a flash Youtube video while browsing the net on the same screen ? No problem ! Wana do some photo editing while watching said video ? No sweat ! Everything is buttery smooth on Bay Trail . Hell , it seems faster than my Core2Duo 2009 White Macbook that I've been using as my primary computer very happily especially with maverick for 4 year now . FREE DOCK !  !  !  ! MicroSD card slot : Format it so ntf , and you have an additional 32 64GB Hard Drive , so space no longer becomes a big issue . However .  .  .  .  .  .  . The Dock : I REALLY want to like this thing . Truly . But its pretty terrible . The keyboard has the same configuration and size as my 1000HE , which I've been using regularly until recently broken fan . But its for some reason a pain in the ___ to type on . I think its because the key are recessed in to the case too far , and the boarder around the keyboard are too high . make it very awkward to type on . key are also a bit stiff , but I personally don't mind that too much . Also , like other are reporting , there's still Q/A issue with these : Bought it from BestBuy yesterday 32GB so its a brand new batch . The space bar is already squeaking after just a day use . Now very difficult to type on . Gonna send it in for return . The Touchpad is also pretty bad . However , there's a way to make it pretty decent : 1 realize that asu put some stupid power saving feature to turn off the touchpad after 10 second or so . When you wana use it , just tap on it and use it . Small 6/10 second thing , but it make it much more bearable . 2 On the Desktop , double click asu Smart Gesture on the bottom right where the Dock is where you see your Battery indicator . Go to Edge Gesture and TURN THAT SHAITE OFF !  !  ! Whoever thought that was a good idea in the first place should be fired ! This thing already has the ability to do gesture with the touch screen . What's the point in adding all these unusable gesture to such a small touchpad ? Leave it alone ! The only gesture it need is 2 finger scrolling . The rest is pointless . 3 After that , go to Mouse setting on the Control Panel and crank up both touch sensitivity and scrolling speed . So in conclusion , if you want a FULL 10 inch window Tablet that has a dock to use as a stand , case , and occasional keyboard , then get the asu T100 without hesitation . Its perfect . If , like me , you are looking to get one as a netbook replacement , then wait a bit longer . Either until asu fixe their Q/A issue , for competitor model that WILL be coming , or ditch the Tablet part and wait for the eventual touch screen Bay Trail netbook . In my 1 day use , the tablet part adds to the Netbook experience . Complementing it with the fast processing and amazing battery life , this machine should be the Ultimate Computational Device . However , it isn't right now . My thumb is tired from hitting this squeaky space bar , so signing off ! Edit : Just got back from Bestbuy to exchange the keyboard , and the overall response is much better . Think the keyboard was defective all around . If it holds up after the next few week , I'll bump it up to 4 star . Still , be wary of the quality control issue on this product , and make sure you buy it from somewhere that has a very flexible return policy . Edit 2 : Well , it's been a month and so far , so good ! The new dock has shown no wear and is now holding up well . after about a month , it's staring to replace my iPad as a tablet . Not entirely , but it's getting there . 4 : 3 aspect ratio is still ideal for tablet browsing , and window store is sorely lacking app .  .  . but considering that I never intended this little thing to replace my MacBook OR iPad , I gotta say Tablet internet Explorer has grown on me ! And I haven't really touched my MacBook since getting this , as I am able to do all my editing fine with the T100 . Another thing to be wary of : The plastic in the tablet are cheap . No joke . I put it in my book bag with the dock snug in a relatively safe compartment . Never banged it , or dropped it , etc . took it out , and found a very small crack on the side of the tablet . It's very small and everything work perfect , but considering the amount of drop and damage I've done with my old asu Netbook , it's a bit disappointing it's that brittle . When in use , get a case for the whole thing . AmazonBasics has a cheap 9 case for 10 inch tablet that fit well and gives good enough protection . 
  I've been using this unique machine for about five hour now update below . Before I review it , I want to give some context : I regularly use the Nexus 10 for mobile computing with a keyboard arguably the best screen you can buy on a tablet . I also have the first Nexus 7 . I have tried to present on my Nexus 10 and it crashed the projector . So I have been using my asu 1201n running Win8 . 1 to handle all m program . Enter the asu T100 . I didn't buy it for the tablet option , though that is useful . I bought it for a few reason 10 hr of Microsoft usage without plugging in . Good touchscreen . Light very important it must fit in my small shoulder bag with my Nexus 10 and a book without strain . Fast processor at least four time faster than the Atom dual core in my asu 1201n , which really was cutting edge in Sept . 2010 still pretty solid . My initial verdict . Screen you won't be upset . Any rendering problem are Microsoft's and not due to the pixel count . If the pixel count was higher on this size screen m rendering would make everything really small Android is much better with this 10 form . Asus's reading mode turn the screen a yellow hue , but may help the eye . Touch functionality is exceptional though reviewer say it only has 5 pt touch , not 10 which used to be standard not sure why this has been reduced though I never use 10 finger on the screen at once . Track pad is also quite good , though I'm not a clicker I like to double tap which this does well . Charging slowKeyboard cramped compared to my 12 inch netbook . Cramped compared to my Bluetooth Motorola android keyboard which is superb . But in five hour I feel like I'm already about 50% adapted to the key layout . Way better than typing on the screen . Definitely takes some getting used to . Processor and performance Snappy . This is not an i5 chip , for sure . But you won't wait for anything to load when launching app . This is my fastest machine it Feel like a work horse to me , but I don't do video editing and I don't play pc game . I do regularly use ppt , vlc , youtube ripper , lot of chrome . Let's say I'm an aggressive word processor , browser , ppt user . This is ideal for me , though I could enjoy a 12 inch screen . The biggest issue that make the screen feel cramped is simply the small Win8 text rendering which can be adjusted . My advice I'd buy this over a Chromebook . I'd buy this over the high priced but attractive looking Yoga and any other Win8 running Mac Book Air competitor definitely buy it over a surface you'd have to be crazy to pull the trigger on a surface pro over this baby . The 2gb of ram is much speedier on this machine than the 4gb ram in my asu 1201n that I upgraded . I haven't had a ram issue yet and I'm running lot of program and app simultaneously . For what it is worth , I agree with most everything said in this review :  .  .  . Enjoy ! Update after a few day of use : The battery is exceptional . On a typical day I use the computer about 7 hour and I regularly have 30% left by the time I close the lid brightness is set to auto adjust . It also accepts a charge from my external battery pushing my mobile work time up to double the reported 10 hr . I'm adjusting to the keyboard , but like many reviewer have noted , the right shift key is small and I often miss it . Please note : the two feet of the hinge , which touch the table when the screen is up , can scratch a wood finish very easily . I produced three scratche at home before I figured out what the sound was . Like one reviewer as well , my keyboard had a slight warp that made it wobble . I've bent it back into shape . Some part of the construction seem needlessly cheap , like the warped keyboard and the glossy and sometimes flimsy back of the tablet . Less like the Nexus 10 back and more like the lid to my old asu 1201n . You don't notice the flex until you pick up the screen in tablet mode . Overall , I continue to be impressed with the performance and functionality of the T100 . Win 8 . 1 is great on this machine . It is everything I wanted in Android that Google or m won't allow split screen , great multitasking , great m Office experience . It has an awesome Baytrail chip with an exceptional balance between power and battery life . Rumor is , too , that once the first Android Baytrails are launched the T100 will be able to dual boot Android and Win 8 . 1 . Update after one month of use : My concern about the keyboard are gone . I'm fully adjusted to the size and placement of key and I can type as comfortably on this machine as I can on a full sized keyboard . I did notice the reduction in size for about two week , then it faded from consciousness and my typing seemed normal . This is my daily driver I have no need of any other computer or tablet with this machine . I did load up a few indie game particularly FEZ . The tablet keyboard combo seems to be ideal for this type of game . You have about 10hr of battery , so the only problem you will have playing relatively simple game on here is that they'll be difficult to put down . My initial concern about build quality diminish the more I use the device . In my opinion this is the top of the pack for tablet and air laptop usage . 
  I was very excited to get this device , so when I opened it and wasn't able to turn on it on , I wasn't too thrilled to see that the manual told me to charge it for 8 hour initially . I can't blame the tablet for that . Going against my better judgment , the little kid in me didn't want to wait for that , so I turned it on after only about a half hour of charge . I will say that during initial window setup , it shut off due to a lack of charge .  .  .  . My fault . The reason I'm including that is because it is a possible cause of how the device behaved initially . The device while plugged in , seemed to not be charging or doing so at a very poor pace , as other have mentioned . It was sluggish , webpage were loading very slowly in desktop mode and in the Modern IE app . The WiFi randomly cut out , and most of the modern app The Metro UI would open for a second and then force close with no error message . I was aggravated and very close to returning it . However I had read many review that lead me to believe that this was not the case for some people . I work in IT , and I'm not a person who can just give up on a device like this without troubleshooting first , regardless of how strong the urge may be . The first thing I tried was a very simple factory restore , not thinking it would do much but it was worth a shot as a starting point . To my surprise , it worked . The device was suddenly much more responsive , the app were opening quickly and not force closing , the WiFi was working fine , and the battery was definitely charging whether the screen was on or off . Also to address another review , the charging LED by the power button DOES go from orange to white when it is fully charged . While it may not be the fastest charging device , it charged a lot faster than my 3rd Gen iPad . Now to actually discuss a few thing about the physical device . The Screen is nice , not as bright or pixel dense as my iPad was but the extra functionality I receive with window 8 is well worth the trade off . Besides , I didn't really notice a huge difference when watching Netflix or Hulu . The difference was only noticeable with text , but either way it is still a nice and perfectly adequate screen with nice viewing angle and pretty decent color . As for build quality , I don't know what people are complaining about . I was expecting to pick this up and have it feel really cheap and light , and not a good kind of lightweight . This thing isn't too heavy but has a nice solid weight to it as well as the keyboard dock . I'm not saying it felt as premium as the iPad did , but it is perfectly fine to me and not just because of the price . The touchpad on the dock is a little erratic at time and doesn't feel great , but it work fine for me . The keyboard is a little small as well , but I'd still prefer it over always using the on screen keyboard . I applaud asu for including the dock at this price because to be honest using Desktop mode in window 8 sometimes requires a mouse or trackpad to avoid a lot of frustration from mis tap . Overall , I'm glad I purchased this device . Anything intensive I can do on my desktop , though this little guy seems to be pretty capable . Obviously this won't replace your main computer unless you really only use it for web browsing , watching video , and creating/editing document Comes with Office Home and Student for free .  . or at least bundled into the great price . But it is great for what I do with a tablet and a little more . So if you order this and have issue with it , give it a chance and at least attempt a factory restore , which is very simple to do . 
  I u2019ve had this computer for a week , and I u2019ve been using it every day during that time as my desktop . I didn u2019t buy it as a desktop replacement , but rather as a portable desktop substitute for when I spend week or even month at another residence across the country . However , using it as a full time desktop during the past week has given me ample opportunity to enjoy its many attribute and get it setup for my next cross country trek . I have had none of the problem reported by a few other . From the moment I booted up the computer after its initial charge , it has worked perfectly . Software Update and activation went smoothly . I u2019ve not had issue with screen flashe , reboot , or blue screen of death . The wireless adapter work great , allowing me to communicate smoothly with other computer and peripheral on my home network . I have no complaint about the build quality or the QA process involved in making this computer . I do , however , have a few design complaint , though none of them would keep me from buying this device again . I knew the small keyboard would involve some compromise and a learning curve , and that has certainly proved correct . The keyboard is a bit smaller than a fully size model u2014which I knew before buying it , Thank to the review of other and it takes some getting used to . I was willing to make that compromise in order to get a 10 u201d , highly portable window desktop , and after using it for a while , I u2019m satisfied with that choice . The more I use the keyboard , the easier it gets , so I think this issue will eventually work itself out . I u2019d take a small keyboard over no keyboard any day . The short power cord is absurd . It is so short that I can u2019t even plug in the computer from a floor outlet while the computer is sitting on a table u2014not unless I set the computer on the very edge of the table , making it unusable while charging . Even then , the cord barely reaches the plug . What was asu thinking ? I solved the problem by buying a 6 u2019 charge cable to replace the one that came with the plug , and that work fine . If you go that route , be sure to buy a charge cable , not a data cable . The computer is extremely slow to charge , if you use it while charging . Better to charge over night while you sleep . I also wish asu had included one more full size USB port on the keyboard . For those of us who use a wireless mouse instead of the track pad , the only existing USB port is taken up by the mouse transmitter , leaving no open port for something like a flash drive , which I use to carry around all my file from my desktop . The micro USB port on the tablet can be used with an adapter purchased separately , but that port is not available if you are charging while working . So , the next solution is to buy a small USB hub , which I did . Carrying around a hub would probably not be necessary if asu had simply included just one more full USB port on the other side of the keyboard dock . Now , on to the thing I like a lot and why I chose this computer .  .  .  . I have owned a number of Android and Apple device , and while I enjoy them , I find them to be limited to entertainment and leisure activitie . When I travel for long period of time I also need the ability to be productive . For me , that mean a portable window environment something that I sorely lacked and which this little gem thankfully now provides . I have been able to set up this computer just like my desktop , with all the window based program that I routinely use , so that when I travel it u2019 just like having my desktop with me . That mean I run Word , Excel , Visio Pro , and Adobe Reader with regularity for personal productivity . I also maintain my own website and use light photo editing and watermarking software . I have not experienced any speed or performance problem while using those program , and I often have several program running at the same time . I u2019m not a resource demanding gamer , and I don u2019t use the computer for activitie related to outside employment . If I did either of those , I likely would have opted for a more robust machine u2014possibly the upcoming Dell Venue 11 Pro , which will cost significantly more for the same basic configuration , but will probably be faster and have option for a larger hard drive and more memory . For my purpose , this computer will only see daily use when I travel , and that u2019 usually only a few time a year . I u2019m finding window 8 . 1 easier to use than the various Apple and Android device I have , and I u2019ve enjoyed customizing the Start menu to include all the program I use for productivity , as well as some for travel and entertainment . The Start screen allows me to organize my program in a way that make them easy to find , and I like the instant start menu notification included with many of the app . In term of app , there appears to be nothing of significance that I can do on my Apple or Android device that I can u2019t do on this computer , but , then , I u2019m not a big app person either . I spent quite a bit of time in the window store , looking for app , and I found everything I needed that didn u2019t already come loaded by asu . I have read that other find the app selection for window device poor , but I found it more than sufficient for my varied travel , entertainment , and personal productivity need . Besides wanting a full window desktop replacement , I chose this particular machine for four reason : 1 its light weight and small size make it highly portable , even with a keyboard attached ; 2 it has better battery life than most other option , making it more convenient for travel ; 3 the detachable tablet provides the option of ditching the keyboard for even more portability ; and 4 all other contender u2014both available now and soon to be released u2014do , or will , cost significantly more for the same capabilitie . For my purpose , the significant extra cost just didn u2019t make sense . This computer does what I need , so why pay more ? When I was looking at this computer , I was a little worried about the small hard drive , but that issue was easily resolved by the purchase of a 128GB flash drive and a 64GB micro SD card . I have seen comment that the micro SD card u201cstick out u201d when inserted , but mine is flush with the outside edge of the tablet , making it no problem to leave in all the time . I also purchased a small , lightweight USB hub and a micro to full USB converter to allow me maximum versatility in communicating with other device . I created a car charger from a flexible , coiled micro to full USB charge cable and a dual car charger that meets the electrical spec for this computer allowing me to charge this computer and my phone at the same time . Add to that a really cute case , screen protector , mesh tipped stylus , ultra portable wireless mouse and pad , and a flexible USB data cable , and I u2019m ready to hit the road and stay gone as long as I want without getting behind on anything . 
  I've now had this laptop for about 6 week . After some initial issue detailed below , it has stabilized and become a favorite . I've now owned an ipad , a Galaxy Note Android , and this Tablet window 8 . I have to say this is my favorite device so far . There is a learning curve , though . Now that I've owned it a while , here are some of the Pro and Con : THE GOOD Lightweight Good battery life Decent build quality for the price Great screen for surfing , watching video , etc . Easy to type on once you get used to it Processor is surprisingly fast and 2GB memory is plenty , believe it or not m Office included and work great Run Win 8 app like a tablet or run real window program like a laptopTHE BAD The trackpad is pretty bad I use a mouse when I'm at a desk The screen is a little wobbly where it hinge to the keyboard It is VERY easy to popout the micro SD card you'll lose it if you're not careful Every now and then it power all the way down when sitting unattended instead of going to sleep The window 8 app store is really limited . A lot of the standard are there Netflix , Dropbox , etc . but a lot are missing Pandora and YouTube , although you can run these with some limitation in a browser . SOME tip Create a recovery disk using an 8GB thumb drive . This will free up much needed space on your primary drive . Just type recovery from the Start screen and you'll be guided through it . Get a micro SD card for additional storage . I have 64GB which I use for movie and other large file . UPDATE YOUR bio . Before I did this I had all kind of error . I've updated the bio twice and it made a huge difference . FINAL COMMENTSThis device has a few quirk but I really love it , especially for the price . It is GREAT on a plane where tray table space is really limited and battery life matter . I like it enough that I bought a second one for my business partner . I recommend this device especially if you want/need to run Legacy window program .  ORIGINAL REVIEWThis is a good tablet for the price . As other have stated , asu seems to have some quality control issue though . On my unit , the headphone jack was dead on arrival , so I couldn't use the tablet with headphone . I also have bluetooth issue ; sometimes it work , sometimes it doesn't . I often have to re pair device to get them to work . I returned the unit . I'll try another and will update this review if I have better luck . It's a severe bummer that I have to reinstall all my software , configure everything , etc . That took the better part of a day the first time around . Some other observation : The screen is good but not great . As other describe it's not as bright as its competitor . Perfectly usable though and video , etc . work great . I used the HDMI jack to play game on my TV and it worked well . Trackpad is meh but usable . YE , the button sound and feel cheap . I find it work better to just click on the main part of the trackpad . I like the keyboard quite a bit . My hand are small and I have no trouble typing fast on this keyboard . Some of the key are in different location arrow , etc . so that takes some retraining . window 8 has a learning curve but it's not as bad as many people say . Now that I've gotten used to it I like it better than my iPad . It's a lot more powerful and you can more easily navigate between app . For me the ability to run legacy window software was a requirement so I find the Win 8 split personality perfectly acceptable . I would have given this 4 star if it weren't for the broken headset jack and the bluetooth issue . If my next unit is better I will upgrade my review .  UPDATE 11/20/2013 : Amazon replaced my originally broken tablet with one that appears to be working fine . I'm upgrading from 2 star to 3 star since everything seems OK so far . I like this tablet more now that I've had a few day with it . If the quality holds I'll update this review again . One interesting experience : I was dreading having to reconfigure the replacement tablet . However , an amazing amount of configuration happened automatically because window 8 remembered a lot from my first tablet . So , most of the app I had previously downloaded were already on the desktop the first time I fired it up . Thank Microsoft , that's a nice touch . By the way , both of my setup experience worked fine . No need to do complicated install like some reviewer experienced . I basically plugged it in , followed the on screen instruction , and thing pretty much just worked .  UPDATE 12/03/2013 : My replacement had a different set of issue related to powering up and down . Interestingly , none of these occurred with the first tablet . In any case , I believe these are now fixed see below but here are the detail of the issue : * Sometimes after putting the tablet into sleep mode it wouldn't wake up . It would require a hard boot holding down the power button for 10 20 second to shut the thing off , then another 10 20 second to power it back on . Sometimes it would take several trie to bring it back to life . This was happening several time a day . * Twice when fully powered off , I picked up the tablet after a few hour to find it had powered itself back up . When this happened , the battery would be well depleted . This happened once right before a flight , so I had only 50% left for my cross country flight . Fortunately there was still enough power to get from Orlando to lo Angeles .  .  . this thing has great battery life . * When plugging or unplugging the tablet , it would often lock up and require a hard boot . This happened about 50% of the time when plugging/unplugging . GOOD NEWS : Yesterday I installed a bio update version 220 dated 12/02/2013 . Since doing this , all 3 of these issue have disappeared . I won't declare victory yet , but if it goes a few day without the issue , I'll be a happy camper . By the way , I REALLY like this tablet . The more I use it , the more I like it . The power issue were certainly annoying so I hope they are now fixed . I'll come back in a few day with a further update . One other thing : my tablet does not have the window logo sticker that many other have commented on . It appears asu removed this so people wouldn't assume it was a button and get confused . 
  I don u2019t understand the negative review on this fully loaded tablet . YE , fully loaded ! I love the fact it has window 8 . 1 , and a full version of Microsoft Office 2013 . YE , Microsoft Office is included . I love the fact that it comes with a click type keyboard , which also serves as a cover . There is nothing cheap about this tablet . The look and feel of this tablet is expensive . It may not have full HD resolution , but I guarantee you won u2019t notice the difference . The display is super vivid and sharp . The keyboard is a little smaller , but that is to be expected with a tablet . I think the other reviewer are comparing this to a full size laptop . This is not a laptop u2026 but has all the feature of a laptop in a very compact , portable size . It weighs about 2 pound with the keyboard/cover . I especially enjoy the large 10 . 1 u201d display , and ease of use . I use a stylus pen that I purchased for 10 to swipe and tap . It keeps the screen free of finger print . I never got used to using a touch pad , not even with a laptop , so I connected a mouse using Bluetooth . Now I have all the functionality of a desktop in a tablet . My primary reason for purchasing this tablet is to take my work with me . I am now able to access all my Excel file through SkyDrive , so a large hard drive is no longer an issue . The 32 GB hard drive on this tablet is more than sufficient . Now let u2019 talk price . With all its feature , I only paid 340 . Dell u2019 Venue comparable tablet with a keyboard is over 700 . Microsoft Surface 2 Pro is over 1000 with a keyboard . The Microsoft Surface 2 RT is not a full functional window product , so there u2019 no comparison . The Surface 2 has many limitation , including Office . You cannot run macro with window RT . The asu Transformer Book has the full version of window 8 . 1 , so you can run application like Java . It is the perfect tablet for access to the Internet , Netflix , email , music and game . You get full functionality of Office , and you can even set this device up with Google Chromecast . Just install the Chrome browser . Buy the TV adapter for 35 and you can wirelessly connect this tablet to your HDTV . I know I must sound like a salesperson for asu or Google , but I can assure you I am not . I am just so impressed with this product , that I cannot say enough about it . The bottom line : The feature are right . The feel of this product is right . And most importantly , the price is right . 
  I have used this for two day now and have to say upfront that I am very pleased with my purchase . Having spent quite a lot of time researching possibilitie I settled on this one . The main reason was the incredible value , 379 for a tablet/laptop with full window 8 . 1 AND full office and the new Bay processor chip . Read the review before you purchase , like I did . I agree with all the Pro and Con that other have written but decided the Con did not outweigh the Pro . I needed a small portable device that I could use for office productivity , that needed a long battery life , had a fast enough processor to handle several app at once and was affordable I found it ! It has full flash capability so I can play Facebook game such as texa hold em and Mafia War and an assortment of slot . I can get my schoolwork done , I use google chrome and gmail no problem there . The movie quality is very good , I don't aim to use it for taking pic I have a very decent phone that can do that and take excellent video I did take the advice of other and charge for 8 hour first , disable the trackpad gesture , will get a longer charger cable and a bluetooth mouse . I will start the Update today and will follow advice of other about not downloading them all but being picky , I will try and post more as I come across issue etc4DAYS AFTER THE ABOVE REVIEW>I was very picky with my Update and did not do too many but maybe one got through that messed it up because .  .  .  . I left the original review in so you can see how pleased I was initially and how happy with it when it worked . Just 4 day afterwards , I went to turn it on and it was stuck in a trying to load pattern . After asu advice and other tip gleaned from other reviewer who had similar issue . I tried holding down the power button and f9 simultaneously in order to get to the screen to do a factory re set . I made the screen several time but whatever sub menu I followed , it failed to bring me back to a working computer . It showed me it was erasing my file and was doing it but I have never been able to get back to the window start up screen again . SUCH a shame because I really liked this computer , but I thought I could be one of the lucky one and get one that work ! I'm sending it back via Amazon today . So I would have to say purchase at your own risk . This is not a one off item and seems to be a problem with the device . I'm waiting for my Dell Venue Pro 8 to arrive and see if I fare better with that . 
  Rather than regurgitate other glowing review , I'll simply say that for the money , the 64GB version is the best Tablet/Netbook hybrid on the market with full window and m Office installed . The keyboard attachment is rock solid and stay put , allowing it to be used , bounced .  .  . and possibly abused on your lap other use some flimsy keyboard / kickstand combo .  . Surface .  . cough .  .  . ahem . Honestly , it's just silly how much you get for this price . Install StartIsBack for a few buck and it even Feel like a window 7 device come on Microsoft , did you REALLY think your world domination scheme code named tile would work ?  ?  . Oh , and yeah , it's not all rainbow and unicorn , the mouse trackpad left/right button click are terrible feeling and loud enough to wake zombie . Right shift addict will feel gimped by the tiny shift key . But hey , real people use real mouse mice ? and left shift anyhow =P . The maddeningly frustrating thing since getting this is it only charge fast with the included charger . For those who lose the charger or think they can just use any uber aftermarket charger , most will trickle charge and I mean TRICKLE the device . The included charger spits out 5V 2 . 1A , thus , logically , any similar 2 . 1A charger should work . Right .  .  . To understand why this is NOT the case , one apparently need a PHD in Dumb charger only V Data sync and charger Micro B USB 2 . 0 cable . USB 2 . 0 standard include 4 pin , 2 for power and 2 for data transfer . If the data pin are shorted , your device knows it's connected to a charger only and will pull the max power it can . If the data pin are not shorted in the charger and/or cable , how much power your device draws will depend on how smart it is . If it's a bit challenged in the IQ department , your device will probably thinks it's always connected to a usb port for data transfer/sync and self limit it's power draw to 500mA 0 . 5A . The T100TA apparently is in this dumber category and 500mAh will be like trying to charge a Nissan Leaf with a regular wall charger and patiently waiting like 6 month or something . My guess is the included T100TA wall charger is shorting the data pin , whereas many aftermarket charger and MOST cable keep all 4 pin open . I thus provide THREE solution for your charging woe : 1 Get a 5V 2 . 1A wall charger that short the 2 data pin I can't find or is smart : Innergie mMini AC15 Power Adapter2 Get a USB adapter that short the 2 data pin to make any charger and cable car , wall , etc dumb . PortaPow Fast Charge Blackberry Charging3 Get a cable that short the 2 data pin to make any charger car , wall , etc dumb .  : PortaPow Specialised CordB0088HTYUE
  This tablet is exactly what I was looking for and more . I could not be happier with the product , even with it's few glitche more on that later . I haven't needed to restore the factory default setting yet , even after several week of use , and that's saying a lot because when I first get a new device I load it down as much as possible to see what I can and can't use it for . So far the only thing this tablet cannot do is run Unity3D , a game engine I use . I can connect to any of my live web/gaming server and manage them as though I was sitting at my desk . I can play any game in the window 8 App Store , and even run game from my childhood via DosBox . I can manage SQL server , send my girlfriend text message , answer work e mail , and control my XBox 360 , all done seamlessly from this device . Con : Sometimes the system just doesn't want to turn on . I never need it enough for this to bother me much , and usually holding the power button down for 15 second or so will bring it back to life . I am convinced that this is not the fault of the device , but is a window 8 problem , since this only happens when there is an update to install . That's my only complaint . Pro : I could go on and on about what this tablet can do . A full window operating system on a 10 perfect size if you ask me tablet that comes with Remote Desktop Connection pre installed ? game are easier to find , install , and remove than ever before . All my previous software work with the exception of Unity3D , and I've even gone so far as to install a standalone server on this tablet and it work just fine . I can browse Netflix via my XBox with a few swipe of my finger , and then when I play Halo 4 automatically connect to my stat page via Smart Glass . A few swipe later and I've ordered formula for my daughter via the Amazon app , and then I'm playing Halo Spartan Assault and earning XBox achievement . And when the Xbox One comes out , I'll even be able to control my cable television with Smart Glass . If you're a gamer , a quick search on Amazon and 15 will get you a usb receiver that allows you to connect a wireless Xbox Controller to this tablet for gaming . If you have a non wireless controller , you can simply plug the controller into the usb port on the side of the keyboard , visit the Microsoft download site for their Controller driver , and then you're playing game on a mini console . If you're a power window user , Remote Desktop Conn . allows you to connect to any server just as easily as with previous version .  .  . actually , I think the new setup is actually sleeker , it just takes a tiny bit of effort to get thing pinned to your start menu the way you want . Full access to a command prompt , the ability to run standalone server for testing , and even the power to run Adobe Photoshop version CS6 , I've experienced 0 problem other than font can get hard to read on the screen . But , where this tablet really shine is that for a few buck you can get a cable that allows you to plug this device into any screen with an HDMI port . I've used this setup multiple time to convert my tablet into a drawing pad by hooking it up to my 23 monitor at my desk . The graphic driver will output fullscreen to a 1080p screen as well , but you will need to use only the larger screen , since the built in screen is only capable of 1366x768 .  .  . otherwise you have black border . Also useful for gamer , this mean that paired with the Xbox Controller , you have a mini console that is also capable of playing on your tv . Misc : The first thing I did with my tablet was to learn everything I could about window 8 . It is unlike any operating system before it , and I'm not arrogant enough to think that I'll be able to figure out everything on my own , even with 20 year experience with computer . Next , I turned off some gesture for the touchpad . I'm not sure what asu was thinking here , but the touchpad work terrible when set to factory default . You can find the software responsible for this weird behavior in your taskbar go to desktop window Key D and in the lower right of the screen there will be icon .  .  . find the one for your touchpad and open it .  . there will be three tab , each giving you customization over how certain gesture will work . After this fix , my touchpad operated like a normal Win 7 laptop , and I was much less frustrated . I'll end this here . In summary , this tablet is a power house for the price , and although I don't use the keyboard nearly as often as I though I would , it is priceless when you do need it , and that USB port opens up a world of possibilitie . Aside from the few booting problem , which I am convinced are a result of the o , not the tablet itself , this tablet is batting 1 . 000 in my book . window 8 . 1 has it's bug , but none of them make the o anywhere near useless , and I've already decided since using this tablet that my desktop machine will be upgraded to window 8 and a touch screen in the near future . window 8 is quite different from 7 , and chance are you're going to have to do some google searche to figure some thing out , but I'm not sure why so many people are giving this tablet bad review simply because they don't understand how to use window 8 . This tablet was awesome when I first turned it on , and now that I have everything customized for me , it's just incredible . For instance , the default setting for a swipe from the left is to go back to the previous program . As a multi tasker that didn't work for me .  .  . and a google search later my device now brings up a taskbar when I swipe in from the left . 
  My background : I am a graduate student . I don't like pirated software . I already had a laptop before buying the asu t100 . This older laptop of mine weighed nearly 4 kg and was a pain to carry to school . And I desperately needed a light weight computer like device through which I could create and read document and presentation via Microsoft Office . And , I couldn't afford Microsoft Office to install in my window Vista laptop . As the thanksgiving approached , I was in hunt for a tablet that fulfilled all these requirement . By some luck , I came across asu t100 transformer notebook . I bought it in a lightning deal for 299 from Amazon . com . Here are the Pro and Con from my point of view : Pro : It comes with a full window 8 . 1 . Since this is a tablet , window 8 . 1 is really easy to use with the touchscreen . It has a Microsoft Office 2013 student Only thing the student version lacks is Microsoft Outlook which I don't use ; so I don't care about it . 64 GB memory The maximum memory the best of the Android tablet have is 32 GB . The cost includes the keyboard . It is very lightweight It can be used both as a small computer and as a tablet . The screen can be tilted when placed on the keyboard . Presence of a USB 3 . 0 port which mean that I can use optical mouse/ pen drive/ external hard disk etc Micro HDMI port is also available But you need to buy a separate cable to use it You can take handwritten note in the screen using the One Note application You need to buy a separate stylus for it I love the reading mode The screen becomes yellow like an old , well read book I am reminded of my well worn Harry Potter book , and that make it much more comfortable to read . Sound quality is pretty good and it produces quite a loud sound for its size . Con : The screen might be a bit small for people who like big screen The keyboard may be cramped for seasoned typist and people with big hand . The touch pad is kind of small . My suggestion is to buy a mouse The screen and the back of the tablet are fingerprint magnet I bought a skinomi carbon fiber skin screen guard to rectify this I gave 5 star for this product because this product exactly suit my need . I am not a gamer I don't play computer game ; I am not a programmer ; I am just an ordinary student . And this beauty has become my companion wherever I go . She is beautiful , talented , and understands and caters to my need . Thank you , asu for bringing out this beautiful product . 
  I used to buy iPad only , but after window 8 . 1 I changed my mind . I have many iPad at home for my 7 year old for the learning and entertainment purpose . However , I wish I could buy a notebook , both for my son and myself for productivity and project purpose , that can last the whole day without charging in between . And I've looked around the market for 2 year , today I finally found it at a very reasonable price point . I bought asu VivoTab one month ago and tested all sort of functionality . It has been doing good , but not excellent . My son installed Minectaft Computer Version and it was running so slow that he couldn't even play it at all in the most desktop environment of Java Runtime/Virtual Machine . One month later now it comes to the market this little cute asu Transformer Book t100 . To make sure its computing power , I went to Best Buy yesterday first to install Minecraft with Java and it run perfectly smoothly , which mean you can count on this tiny Netbook to do heavy duty gaming or graphical design . At this price , you buy the fastest tablet in the marketplace , which sound like a steal . And also , the full function keyboard can make you productivity suite run perfectly on the most portable machine . I've tried to buy a bluetooth keyboard and a bluetooth Mouse for my past asu VivoTab Smart ME400C , but it's very awkward and the bluetooth connection often lost from time to time . So , I decided next time I would like a tablet with the Original But Not Bluetooth Connection Keyboard . And this is it asu T100 , which is a fast computer even faster than my wife's working computer Thinkpad , with a free office pre installed . Also I did a deep research and found 1080p is not good for Wireless Display function . 1366x768 resolution make Wireless Display function work perfectly since 1080p Miracast Wi Fi connection often drop due to several time larger real time network data transfer than in the 1366x768 mode . Try to think , when you get in your office , your monitor , full sized keyboard and mouse will be wirelessly connected to this fancy little cutie automatically ; When you walk in a presentation room , you can use the big TV screen mounted on the wall in the mirroring mode as a second screen , wirelessly or via and HML to HDMI cable . When you go back home , your kid can unplug the keyboard to play window Specific tablet game or just leave the original keyboard plugged to play ton of Legacy Online Java based Learning game . At this price , basically you got a so far the fastest tablet , a free original keyboard , a free Office , sound too good to be true . Actually , in term of Wireless Display function , I got a better notebook on asu t100 even than my 14 HP notebook with an I3 core , because my I3 HP hotebook processor can't support Wireless Display function at all . After I placed this order , I went to eBay buying a Samsung Pro 64GB micro SDXC for just a measly 21 , then I got 128GB tablet keyboard Office in total so that I can download any youtube kid learning stuff as my son Want . For iPad Air at 128GB with a keyboard , you have to pay more than 1000 , but it's still a toy , not as open as in the window Legacy platform . But this asu t100 can get my Word , Excel and Powerpoint job done on the go with my Verizon LG G2 phone's hotspot function anywhere anytime . Without Microsoft's distressed support , asu can't release a good product like this , because Microsoft is spending 400 million promotion to sell 16 million tablet like this over this holiday season . Compared to iPad Air , you only pay 1/3 price but can strike a good balance between home entertainment and work productivity . By the way , don't think the highest screen resolution is boon for customer all the time : I bought iPad 3 and it stutter once for every 5 minute or so lasting almost an entire year and then Apple upgraded io three time I feel better , but after Apple forced me to upgrade to io 7 , my iPad 3 stutter again now . I dug into the stuttering reason , I found it's the GPU/CPU A6X computing power issue , because iPad 3 use 2048x1536 resolution , but its GPU is too slow to support , it can only run game at less than 30fp at ~17fps , making the stuttering issue happen all the time from day one . And Apple's Lemon Design has damaged Apple's reputation a bit and Apple has dumped iPad 3 like S*** , making it the shortest lived product in Apple's history . The only downside is the touch pad work not good enough . Because notebook at this small form factor , asu has combined two touchpad key into one piece : this make touchpad work stickily . You can try to lift your thumb higher to not touch he touchpad when you use your index finger to move the cursor around . Or you just plugin a USB mouse to solve this issue forever . Also , the full sized USB port is very useful since past microUSB port can't read normal USB portable hard drive because tablet microUSB has no power output to power up a normal mechanical drive . Now , I'm waiting Intel powered next generation phone so that Microsoft can combine window , RT and Phone three together into one product . By then , I guess within a few year , your phone will have a computing power simply as powerful as a desktop so that you can carry your pocket super computer anywhere anytime with a 24/7 wireless connection . To cut the price tag down , asu did cut a lot of function : compared to past version Vivotab Smart , it lacks rear camera and many sensor like NFC Gyro .  .  . All in all , this will become ASUS's next Nexus 7 blockbuster , consolidating its No . 3 position in the tablet world in the global market . 
  I absolutely love this product . It can do everything my HP Laptop ENVY DV7 72172nr with 8 . 1 does plus it has Touch Screen in Mtro and Desktop Mode . With the keyboard attached I can connect a mouse and use it in Desktop or Metro . CAUTION !  !  !  !  ! After doing setup , installing program , activating Office and installing some app I ran some program and opened several app . It performed GREAT !  ! The next day I went to the APP Store for some Free app and got error Could Not Perform Purchase . I spent several hour with asu and then tried a REPAIR . It T100 entered a DEATH SPIRAL . No matter repair option I took it would restart in REPAIR MODE . I could not do A normal Startup . I decided to do a RESET . which told me I had to free up space on the C Drive . IMPOSSIBLE since I could not start th .  . t100 . Same problem with trying to do a RECOVERY Factory setting . Apparently asu need 10 12GB free space on the C drive to do a RESET or RECOVERY . I returned the 32GB and ordered a 64GB System and purchased a 32GB SD Card where I will store document , picture , video , download and possibly Email . I will just store program on C ensuring a large amount of FREE SPACE if I need to do as REST/RECOVERY . I'm sure I hit bug that asu will fix but I will be prepared next time . 
  Note : I bought my 64GB T100 over at Newegg , as they had some in stock mid last week . Pro Excellent value for the money Battery life is good for a workday Usable x86 in a 10 tablet ! Doesn't get hot , even under heavy use ip screen with good color and viewing angle Speaker can be very loud , if a bit tinny ; impressive for its size Reasonable weight , slightly lighter than a 4th generation iPad click into keyboard easily & securely , easy to remove as well charge via standard micro USB ; any 10 watt 2 Amp 5 Volt AC adapter will do so no expensive propriety charger required if you want a spare or two . Con Some serious software trouble at first , see the rest of the review Screen and back of tablet are fingerprint magnet Only 35GB usable storage after window , Recovery partition and Office Touchpad on the keyboard is awful in almost every way Questionable build quality on the keyboard dock Very slow recharge time Included micro USB cable is only 3 feet , I use a 6ft kindle cable insteadSo I've had my T100 for about about two day now , and its been interesting . Overall I really like this guy . However , I did have some major software problem during day 1 . I'm going to cover them first before giving my impression on actually using it .   Everything was going swimmingly , I had activated Office and installed all my basic program via Ninite and had a couple game downloading on Steam . I went to close the lid and put it to sleep like normal . When it came back up it started acting like the Win key was on turbo mode , continually switching back and forth from the desktop to the start screen . I ended up having to Ctrl Alt Del and force a reboot , but thing got even worse after that . It got stuck in a reboot cycle giving the same blue screen error can't remember what it was specifically . Eventually I did a hard shut down by holding down the power button for 30 second , then tried booting it up again . That's when it did something really weird . You know the startup screen window 8 has when you start a new machine for the first time , where it goes Preparing your app and Getting ready or some such while rotating the background color ? It started doing that . I could get to the Ctrl Alt Del screen and try to reboot , but it would just sit on the Win 8 preparing screen . Very very strange . Long story short , I looked up the manual Protip : F9 in post to get to window recovery and did a full system reset back to factory . Its a day later so far and I haven't had any other software related issue , though I will be sure to update this review if anything else happens . Its also worth noting a few professional review I had read also mentioned having similar trouble when first getting a T100 , but they eventually subsided .   So ! How is it otherwise ? The battery life was good enough to take me through an 8 hour shift with 25% remaining , and that was being on almost the whole time , web browsing with the screen at full brightness . For the most part its pretty snappy , running Chrome and a few other program at the same time without any delay . Metro app also run very swiftly , able to multi task with no trouble . I haven't tried any game on it , but it seems pretty capable of low fi indie game and even some 3D rendering without too much trouble . The keyboard is cramped , but its very usable with some practice this coming from a 6 tall gentleman with large hand . The trackpad is awful with poor tracking and a terribly loud click , but I use a bluetooth mouse or the touchscreen anyway when using it in netbook mode , so not that big a deal for me . I would've liked to have a few more port in the keyboard , like a second USB port or a full size memory card slot . One must make compromise at this price point I suppose . I stuck a microSD card in , and while its not flush with the casing it does stay out of the way so I don't worry about accidentally popping it out . Its also a little annoying that the finishe on the tablet and the keyboard do not match . I would've much preferred having the matte plastic from the keyboard on the tablet as it is a smudge magnet . Also , there's a slight amount of lag when you push the power button before it wake up , sometimes as much as a second . Just a minor annoyance , but worth noting . Overall , I take off one Star for the software issue . Hopefully asu can get their quality control to take care of these problem going forward , because once its up and running this guy is a fantastic compromise between size and battery life while haven't a good display and fantastic performance for the price . 1 Week Later Update No more software problem to report since that first day . I've been taking it to work with me daily and using it as a tablet in bed . Battery life has remained strong and its able to get me through a full 8 hour shift at work . While not a big deal for a tablet , not needing a power brick is extremely convenient for keeping an AC adapter handy for an x86 machine . I'm still really not keen about the glossy finish on the tablet , but oh well . In netbook form it sits nicely on a flat surface , but it is a little top heavy and may balance backwards a little in the lap ; not enough to fall over or anything , but it seems to want to stay parallel to the ground to be balanced . Overall I'm still giving it 4 star because those day one software issue were extremely annoying and would've prompted a less tech savvy person to simply return it . 
  I wanted to like this and guess what ? I do ! I am so pleased with this purchase , that I not only want give you my feedback on it , but provide a series of insight that will help you to get the most of your T 100 . WHAT IS IT AND IS IT FOR YOU ? The asu T 100 is more of a tablet with attachable keyboard , than a laptop with a detachable screen . I think those who have this perspective are mostly likely to be happy with their purchase . However , in term of functionality , it combines the power and versatility of both a laptop and a tablet . It is one of the very new generation of tablet that take advantage of Intel's new Quad core Bay Trail Atom processor . You get the full blown Window 8 . 1 experience instead of the underpowered and lightweight window RT , plus a keyboard that is well integrated with the tablet . Just how powerful is the Bay Trail inside the T 100 ? It's been benchmarked at 6 , 279 MIPS , which is not far under the i5 processor . Yet , it run cool no vent or fan needed and run long , up to 11 hour battery life . Also , in spectacular fashion , it fulfills a promise that was made in 2012 , when Intel promised that ultrabook would provide us with lighter , faster , cooler running notebook with longer battery life . Looking back with 20/20 hindsight , they failed . I know because I have two a highly related Samsung and HP ultrabook . Both are are better from traditional notebook computer . But they still cough , sputter , and boil their way through the day only offering minor improvement over conventional laptop . YE , I've written positive review of the ultrabook I own . But in the big picture , the more I've used them , the more they seem to be better than average notebook , but not game changer . Chromebook and iPad , which I also own , are useful and fun . But the bulk of the serious business still gets done on my window based computer . Now , into Day 11 of ownership , I'm feeling that the T 100 finally delivers on what ultrabook were supposed to have delivered two year ago , when Intel first promised , but failed to deliver lighter , faster , cooler running notebook with longer battery life . The T 100 is an easy to carry around portable with the power to get serious work done without worrying with enough juice for a day at starbuck or flying from L . A . to NY . HERE'S WHAT I LIKE about the version with 64 gb no 500 gb hard drive which I believe is the best version to get : u25ba You get full blown window 8 . 1 . So now you can run most if not all the desktop program you've been running on your Window 7 and XP computer . Thus far , every app I'm tried work fine on the T 100 . u25ba Fast . I have two laptop running an i5 . My T 100 seems to perform as well as my two i5 ultrabook . Further boosting performance is the 64gb of blisteringly fast Solid State storage . I strongly recommend getting the 64gb version instead instead of the one that includes the 500gb hard drive , which will dramatically slow down your performance . u25ba boot up fast as fast as my iPad Air . It goes from off to login screen in about 7 second . After I enter my long password , I'm at the Metro screen instantly with no lag . Once there , it's really operating at optimum speed , until conventional computer whose hard drive are stuttering booting up background processe 5 minute after you pressed the on button . u25ba Small and lightweight with no fan or vent . The tablet with the keyboard attached Feel no heavier than my Chromebook . Best of all the new architecture of Intel's low power , but fast Bay Trail microprocessor allows the T 100 to run with no noisy fan or van . Now you truly perch a real window 8 . 1 machine on your lap , couch or bed while actually getting real work done . u25ba window 8 . 1 . YE , I was a skeptic , but I after a couple of day of adjustment , I truly see the genius of the Metro interface . It's just like the icon you see on your iPhone or Android , only better . With the flexibility to re size and change the color of the tile , you have much better sense of visual hierarchy . u25ba Touchpad work fine . u25ba With table attached to keyboard , it opens and shut just like a laptop . Some people have commented the angle of movement of the screen is not big enough . I think it's fine . u25ba Media Player is far better than native Video app on iPad Air . 8 . 1's media player allows you precisely move to specific time in a time in a long video your watching . This is not possible in the Video in the iPad Air . u25ba Comes with window Office . thing I DON'T LIKE u25ba It takes too long to charge . But have a possible solution that work for me later in this review . u25ba No hard disk mean there is no indicator that tells you the T 100 is processing something . So there are time when you're wondering if it's frozen or thinking . This doesn't happen often , but it is slightly disconcerting . u25ba asu Cloud Storage Nag pop up . I'll explain to you how I silenced it in my tip section below . u25ba Cheap plastic netbook look . The asu T 100 is substance over style for sure . But I also have solution for that . u25ba Not all that many great app in the Microsoft App Store . While I got the T 100 in order to run my business related application , it would be nice to install some of the great app that I have on iPad and Android phone . But there's really a great lack in this area that I hope Microsoft eventually overcomes . tip TO HELP YOU GET THE MOST OUT OF YOUR asu T 1001 How I addressed the slow charge problem . First , let me give you the following disclaimer : I am not recommending the following as a solution for anyone to blindly follow in order to shorten the ridiculous amount of time it takes to fully recharge the asu T 100 . I have no idea whether it can impact the longevity of the product . Proceed at your own risk . Given that , the asu T 100 comes with 2 . 0 AMP charger . I looked for a fast charger and found one from a reputable company that make a 2 . 4 AMP charger . Now , rather than having to leave it plugged in overnight , my T 100 is fully recharged in 2 or 4 hour . 2 Add a 64gb or 128gb Class 10 UHS 1 Micro SD . This is the one I got : Sony 64GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS 1 Memory Card and you'll double your storage . Move your big data file such as movie and you'll have a decent amount left for your app . 3 Don't fight window 8 . 1 . Surrender to it and you'll develop a full appreciation of Metro by using the touchscreen . I think you'll come to like it more than the window 7 interface as long as you recognize that is for today's user who are getting more and more accustomed to tapping icon on their phone . I really prefer this over window 7 now . It far more more efficient than the old START button . 4 Get rid of the asu Cloud Storage Nag . I did this by signing up . But because I didn't want to get dinged a year from now for having to pay for a Terabyte storage a year from now , I'm identified the icon in the System Tray and disabled it by right clicking and closing it . 5 Get a case for both the Tablet VSTN u00ae asu Transformer Book T100 ultra thin Smart Cover Case For asu Transformer Book T100 , Black II along and the for the keyboard and the table attached together IVSO u00ae asu Transformer Pad Infinity T100 10 . 1 inch Leather Keyboard Portfolio Stand Cover Case Black . These thick case that go directly against the grain of the thin , light and beautiful trend that has been in place since the first iphone came out . But I really think they increase the visual appeal of the T 100 . Overall , the asu T 100 has surprised me in a good way . I initially thought it would be under powered and was dreading window 8 . 1 I was , thankfully , wrong on both account . I thought I was getting something more like the netbook of two year ago . Instead , I see this as being a revolutionary product which provides versatility and power on the go for window user and quite possibly give Apple a run for their money . UPDATE 5/29/2014 FIXING A BOTTLENECKWow .  .  . in just the few week since I purchased the T 100 , there have been a boatload buyer with review across the spectrum between love and hate . For anyone interested , I discovered an Achilles Heel that this laptop has which is very solvable . In spite of the it's Bay Trail microprocessor and Solid State Drive , I still experienced frustrating period during which the T 100 seems to hang . But what I discover is that the hanging is not due to processing . Rather , it's due to the weak Wifi radio that's built into it . How do I know that ? Simple , I found the T 100 running slow . I happened to walk closer to Wifi transmitter and instantly , it was racing like a Ferrari . With this evidence , in mind , I did some research and wound up buying the Medialink Wireless N USB Adapter 300 Mbp 802 . 11n , 2 . 4 ghz Compatible with window 8 / window 7 / window Vista / window XP . It was easy to set up . After activating , I found that it made a huge difference removed the bottleneck that would occur on any process that was Internet related . 
  I work in the IT industry . What caught my eye was an under 400 tablet running full window . I configured the tablet with the program I use for work , and outside of suffering a little in battery life , the tablet handled nicely everything I used on it . asu did a bang up job on this product . I won u2019t rehash the brochure , simply make some recommendation . u2022 Don u2019t buy the 32 bit system . The system is delivered with 50GB usable , and after o and a couple of item I had installed , I was only left with 28 GB . u2022 Perform the asu bio Update immediately resolved issue with sound card , portrait/landscape auto rotation . u2022 Using the u201cUninstall u201d program option native to window , uninstall and reinstall all C redistribution package from 2005 forward only 2008 comes installed as delivered , 32 bit system . List @ .  .  . install all x86 entrie , in order , 2005 forward . This resolved some issue I had opening some older window program I use at work . u2022 Install Java runtime environment :  .  .  . 
  I'm a mid 30 adult returning to college . I have a gaming desktop but wanted something I could carry around and do school work on as well . I bought the 250 Samsung Chromebook . While I love the idea of the chromebook , it didn't fit all my need . I still prefer m Word over Google doc . I could have used Libre Office in Dev mode or Office 365 for a monthly fee . I didn't want either of those option . I also wanted to play some of my lower end Steam game which was impossible on the Chromebook . Any school software that requires an install also won't work , but I knew that beforehand . Luckily , I didn't have any of those problem . I had some minor surgery this past week and decided to try out the T100 while confined to the bed . turn out I really love it , and I have decided to use it as a replacement for my school laptop/tablet . I'll try to point out some Pro and Con below . Let me start by saying that out of the box I did a full charge , which took several hour . Initially I just installed Google Chrome and Google Drive along with uninstalling Asus's online storage backup software . Perhaps something didn't play right , but I had plenty of problem with downloading any window Store app after that . They would hang in pending status . I did research and tried several online suggestion . I finally reset the PC and decided not to uninstall the asu bloatware . Second go round everything was smooth . Pro : *Free Dock Some people complain about the quality or small size . I tried to lightly bend the dock and it would not give . I saw online video of people who had docks with a slight give . Mine did not at all . Maybe I got lucky or I got a batch with better quality , no idea . All I know is my dock is sturdy . It took me less than 30 minute to get used to typing on it . I also have pretty small hand for a guy , so maybe that helped . So far I haven't had any trackpad issue either . It is hard to press it down , but then again I don't use that function . I just use tap gesture and it work for me . *Windows 8 . 1 I can install Steam and play Civ5 , Torchlight 2 , FTL , and several other simpler game without issue . This is a nice bonus for a small machine that isn't meant to be a gaming beast . On a side note , WS has several great game .  .  . Halo Spartan Assault , Game Dev Tycoon , 4 element II , Radiant Defense , Gunpowder and many more . *MS Office This is a big deal . Originally only the RT device came with office . Now this 8 . 1 tablet/laptop has full Home/Student office . Can't get much better than that , 140 software value . *Overall build quality It's not a 5 star quality build , but is great for the price . The back is sturdy , no bending or flexing on my device . I know some had said their version had flex but mine does not . It Feel solid . Con : *Keyboard Even though I listed the dock as a positive the actual keyboard is not as nice as my cheaper Chromebook . The build quality was good for me , just typing wasn't as nice as the Chromebook chiclet keyboard . *Smudge city This thing is a finger print magnet . I wish the back would have been matte . *4 5hr charge time The included cable is tiny . You'll want to purchase at least a 5 foot cable and charger separate . It's ridiculous they even include such a joke of a charging cable . I wish this thing charged as fast as the Surface tablet 1 . 5 2 hr full charge , but sadly you'll have to do a full charge over night . Conclusion : For a student or someone wanting a tablet that can serve as a cheap functioning laptop , then I think this is a great choice . I've had no stuttering in game or video that I've played . You get full m Office . I would encourage you to buy a better charger and a 64gb sim card . Install your Steam client or any other window software to the sim card . Whatever you install off the window Store will use the SSD . So don't waste SSD drive space on stuff you can put program you can install on a sim card . 
  I bought this for my birthday from Walmart a week ago immediate gratification . Actually , this is the second one , as I returned the first for the current because it appeared to be faulty premature determination . The reason I returned the first one is because I couldn't get it to turn on after the first time . The second unit had the same issue , but I figured out I could hold the power button down for about 10 second hard restart and it would turn on . This was unacceptable . I updated the bio from the asu site and the issue was fixed . I've been going 6 day now with no problem . I bought this to replace an older Archos 101 that gave up the ghost . While researching a replacement , I had pretty much decided on a Google Nexus 10 2013 , but there only rumor about whether it even existed . Then , I came across a review about the asu T100ta . I had looked at the Surface Pro , but it cost a lot more than I was willing to spend . This is actually what I was looking for and I didn't even know it . Full Win 8 . 1 as opposed to Android , keyboard , 64GB storage , microSD slot , USB 3 . 0 .  .  . wow . And just 379 . Oh , did I forget to mention Office 2013 Home and Student ? YE , it takes a while to initially charge it mine took about 5 hour . YE , I had to manually update the bio before it worked properly . YE , the keyboard is a bit cramped . A few shortcoming , but I love it . Battery life after it's fully charged is like forever well , around 10 hour . You can run any window program . I can even VPN into my work computer . You can really type . Screen resolution is very good not excellent . I'm not a fan of Win8 . In fact , this is my first exposure to it . However , on a touchscreen , I'm comfortable with it , after reading the tip . I am very happy I made this purchase as opposed to another Android slate . If you're of the fence about buying one , go ahead and pull the trigger . Update 11/28/13 : No more Fingerprint ! I bought the Skinomi TechSkin asu Transformer Book T100 here on Amazon . It is lazer cut to fit the T100 . It is a skin that mimics carbon fiber and stick to the back of the tablet portion . It has cutout for all the button , port , Speaker , and even the asu logo . The fit is very good , but I did need to trim around a few of the port with a utility knife I'd recommend an X acto knife though . This very minor surgery may not have been necessary had I been a little more careful with the application of it . I started from the middle to ensure the asu logo was properly aligned . If you do it this way , you may want another person to help you by holding up the side you're not working on and working one side at a time . This skin make the transformer look a lot more upscale . It doesn't collect Fingerprint and improves the grip a bit . 
  I've had the computer for a week now . It is light and run very well . The computer is plenty fast for web browsing , video streaming , and running the Office application . Boot time is 10 15 second . Battery life is about 10 hour . As a laptop , the cramped keyboard and small screen leave something to be desired . For longer word processing task , you'd probably want a full sized keyboard . In a prior version of this post , I noted that the charging was very slow . It turn out , as suggested by another Amazon customer , that this was because I was using a lower amp cell phone charger . When using the asu charger , the charger can do a full charge in about 3 hour if the device is off , and charge about 10% an hour when the device is in use . 
  On day 1 , I plugged this in to charge . I saw the bad review about Update causing problem when the t100 is not fully charged , and wanted to be patient . Amazon delivered a day earlier than expected , so I had that going for me . Day 2 : After powering on and testing a few thing out , I decided to apply Update , using asu updater utility . Shortly afterwards , the computer notified me that it had encountered a problem and needed to reset . When it restarted , it went into the Aptio bio utility and would not leave , despite trying to exit many time . Finally , it appeared that if I held the power button for 20 second or so , it finally did restart . I applied a factory reset immediately . Later in the afternoon , I re ran the asu Update successfully , then ran through the window 8 . 1 Update . So far so good . I activated m Office successfully . During the course of the day , I noticed that the battery was draining , but wasn't too surprised .  .  . Update require download and computational power . However , when left alone on the charger , it didn't seem to be charging . Day 3 : Charge down to 15 percent , even though on the charger all night . Start it up and within 5 minute , it shut down unexpectedly and goes back to the bio utility . After 30 minute of frustration , finally I remember to hold the power button down for an inordinate amount of time . The battery is now even lower , so I plug it in while working on it . I looked online for info on battery charging and see that people have had problem with the included charger , so I pull out another to try it . When I unplug the cable , everything goes dead because the battery is fully discharged . After impatiently waiting 50 minute , it finally can turn back on . In the meantime , I had checked the asu charger by successfully partially charging my phone . There don't seem to be any problem with the cord or charger . Within 20 minute , the thing turn off again due to an unexpected error . Of course , the battery is now too depleted to restart . I want to like this thing . It is small . It includes office . I can , in theory , be productive on it compared to my iPad or Nook . I've rooted nook and phone . When doing that , I expect some bump in the road . When buying and using the stock software , I expect it to just work . So far , this thing is failing , and failing hard . I can't imagine the average user dealing with this . 
  In a word , wow ! I have been hunting for a laptop/tablet combo for some time and was interested in the m Surface but hated the keyboard and thought the price difference between the base model running the powered down window and the full window version was a ridiculous leap and did I mention that I hated the keyboard ?  . Leading up to this purchase , I have gone through laptop in the past , most recently an Acer netbook which finally crapped out on me thus leading to this purchase , and an iPad mini with Bluetooth keyboard . The netbook was slow and the iPad was less functional than I wanted for a work station so the death of the netbook led me to renew my search , and finally I landed on this . This is everything I wanted in an affordable package and from a long standing leader in PC hardware an industry leader on motherboard for a long time . The end result pure magic . I also have to give some major prop to m for the new Win 8 , it might be kind of ugly looking at first glance with its simply blocky look , but it is super fast booting and with a little getting used to is I am finding vastly superior to io in term of balance between feature and simplicity . The asu Transformer includes the full Win 8 . 1 , not the scaled down simplified version which only includes the blocky app screen but no desktop . This translate into instant transfer back and forth between two screen , a full desktop screen and a tablet app screen , which translate into BRILLIANT ! I have mostly at this point been using the desktop but the app screen is great for alerting you to your schedule which once you log in to outlook it automatically Sync with your contact and schedule and the arrival of email . Put this together with a tight and super functional hardware Thank to asu and the result is pure gold that doesn't break the bank . Here's a sum of the feature that make this book the best bang for your buck : 1 . I'm no tech geek but I respect the hardware spec in this and easily eclipses iPad 8 gig HD still being standard , or pay the 'apple tax' to double that for 100 this has 64 gig , about half you get to use Thank to window , but also have USB connection , one 3 . 0 on keyboard and one mini on the tablet , and a micro SD slot , so memory is not critical like iPad , the screen is clear with brilliant coloration2 . Functionality of an integrated keyboard/touchpad cannot be overrated this is lightyear beyond what I was able to achieve with my iPad setup and disconnecting from the keyboard is easy just the touch of a button it also secures into the base very well and there is no wiggle a very well designed package 3 . Software full Win 8 . 1 plus free m Office compare to the Surface and the price difference is shocking and this thing handles the full window without breaking a sweat you also get access to a 1000gb asu virtual memory internet drive if you think the 64gb HD is too small 4 . Design is simple but very functional , after a little getting used to all the button and whatnot are easily accessible and they also got rid of a lot of the extraneous button that have come to plague most PC booksUltimately the look of the Transformer don't make it stand out in a crowd , but put all the feature together and this thing is the best deal on the market I couldn't be more pleased with it ! 
  I'm a lifelong window user and I rely on it for work , but up to this point all my mobile device have run Android including two phone and two tablet . I've never been a big fan of window 8 , and I think Surface tablet are overpriced for what they are . Still , when the asu T100 was announced , it was like a light bulb turning on in my head . A 10 tablet that can also be used as a real laptop with a real hinge ! running full window 8 . 1 , including desktop app , for only 399 ?  ? I could take this thing on business trip , use it like my regular laptop , and not have to lug a 6lb . machine around in addition to my Xoom ! It would kill two bird with one stone upgrade my old Xoom tablet to something new , and consolidate my travel laptop and tablet into one machine . The fact that it came with a full version of Office was just icing on the cake I had all but decided to buy it before I even knew that . So far , I'm liking it a lot , but with a few caveat . First , the good point : * This type of machine is really what window 8/8 . 1 was meant to be used on . I don't even think m itself is really getting it right with Surface . It can't be overstated how important it is to have a keyboard dock with a real hinge , so you're not relying on a stupid kickstand to hold the screen up in your lap . A 1 lb . keyboard with a hinge make it feel like using a real very small and light but slightly top heavy laptop . And when you do want to switch over to the Modern UI for tablet use and/or media consumption , just press one button and undock the tablet voila . This Feel like the future . * It's a pretty snappy machine , unlike the Eee PC netbook that it's the spiritual successor to asu call it a direct replacement . It doesn't have the RAM to be a real multitasking powerhouse , but in regular use it always Feel quick and responsive , in either the desktop or modern UI . * It gets great battery life . I haven't done any formal test but I can use it for what Feel like a full day and still have juice left when I go to bed . asu says it's up to 11 hour and I've seen test that show anywhere from 8 10 depending on use , but since you don't really use any machine non stop without a break for that period of time , realistically most people should expect a full day . * Full window 8 . 1 and full Office I mean until this machine and other based on the new Bay Trail CPU's was released , you just didn't see that at this price point on a convertible . It's a great value . You can run all your regular window desktop software on this machine . Keep in mind these good point are all *really* good thing , so even though there are fewer of them , they still outweigh the bad point . Now the caveat and Con : * No sugarcoating it it's cheaply built . My wife has a later model 10 Eee PC , also from asu , and that thing is a tank compared to the T100 even though it actually sold for less . The T100 is made of thin , glossy , fingerprint attracting plastic that greases up and flexes easily , the keyboard key feel hollow , and the touchpad isn't even flat . I thought mine was defective but you can even see this in some of the official photo from the right angle . I think some are just worse than other ; the top of my touchpad is actually above the bezel . asu is clearly putting their production cost into the included software with this machine full window 8 . 1 full Office 2013 , not the hardware . * There are hardly any port just one USB and one mini HDMI , plus a MicroSD card slot . You could argue that a lot of port aren't necessary on a machine like this , but my wife's Eee PC has three USB port , a full size SD card slot , an ethernet port , and even a VGA port . Keep in mind that the Eee PC is roughly the same size , but I'd even accept the dock on the T100 being slightly thicker . Ok , a VGA port is probably frivolous , but I'd love to have a full SD card slot so I could more easily transfer photo and another USB port . Relatedly , the MicroSD card hangs out of the slot when you have one inserted like you're not meant to leave it there permanently to increase storage . My Xoom has a door that closes flush when you have a card inserted , so you can just use it as permanent storage without worrying about it . * No notification light , in fact no light of any kind other than a charging light . I like to know when I have email without turning the machine on , and I also like to see drive read/write activity important even with SSD's , just to know what's going on . * The touchpad lags if you haven't used it for 10 second , like it's gone into sleep mode . I'm still searching for a setting somewhere to fix this and I hope there is one this is probably the single most annoying thing about using this machine . It only applies to laptop mode , obviously , and I've started just touching the screen more to get around it , but having a touchpad for thing like desktop Photoshop is one of the main reason I bought this machine over another Bay Trail tablet , so I really hope I can fix this in software . * window as a tablet o is still pretty rough compared to either Android or io . For example , there's no central notification area . Xbox Music doesn't seem to let you store and stream your music from the cloud . There's no first party bookstore . Kindle , which comes preinstalled to make up for that , doesn't sell magazine through its window app . There's stuff like that all over window 8 . 1 that is either missing completely , or implemented poorly compared to the competition . That's not even considering missing major third party app like Pandora , HBO Go or PayPal . This isn't ASUS' fault but it is something to think about if you're like me and considering this machine V . just buying an iPad or Android tablet and a separate keyboard . What it comes down to is desktop software and whether that tip the balance for you as it did for me . On tablet merit alone , I would certainly buy something else there are much better built tablet out there running better tablet OS's with more app support for around the same price or even less . But if you do need to run desktop window software and still want tablet functionality , there's probably no better value than this machine right now . Someday there will be there are clearly thing asu could improve here , and either they or somebody else will at some point while maintaining the low price point . But today , this is the best value you'll find . 
  I bought the T100 about a week and a half ago and I'm in love with it . It has shortcoming , but it make up for those with aplomb . I'm going to go over a few point that I think will be helpful and I already wrote for ar . BugginessTo start out with I think asu released buggy software at the start . Online you'll see a few different revision being sold and I purposefully bought what I believed to be a later model and have had zero issue with keyboard , black screen when charging etc .  .  . My trackpad also seems to work well though some gesture don't get picked up great . I ended up disabling all their trackpad software . I definitely don't fault the reviewer for this , but I wanted to let people know that this is not the norm . Software & WindowsThe review rightly pointed out the the lack of app for RT , but the big stuff I use is on the window store . More importantly you have access to all your normal app . This was a big thing for me . I had the original Surface and I loved 8 . 1 but sometimes I needed an app , like something for FTP or a good code editor , or a good image editor and it wasn't there . With a full version of window I get the RT app which work great then I can run a full version of Photoshop , Sublime Text & WinSCP when I need . In addition you can install Steam and actually play game . Really the ability to run regular window app is what sold me on this . Beyond the free copy of Office you get , you can run basically anything on this . Unlike io or Android I'm not limited in my option or limited to a touch screen . If I need to do work , I can do it and then with a swipe bring back ar while hulu is snapped to the side of my screen . window 8 just really shine on this machine . You'll get Microsoft's vision if you use this for a few minute . HardwareThe Atom CPU and window 8 keep everything incredibly smooth . As the review have mentioned you can bog it down if you do a bunch on your desktop but I was playing game while it streamed a movie from its sd card to my xbox 360 . It really pack a punch hardware wise . You won't play the latest title , even at the lowest re , but if you're like me and travel a bit for work anything can be great . I'm actually looking forward to my next flight as I know I can now play Civ 5 on lower setting . The display isn't great , but it also isn't bad . The color look nice , and viewing angle are fine . Higher re might be nice but on a 10 I'm not bothered . The sound is surprisingly good . No , I'm actually blown away by how good the Speaker on this machine are . It's just weird . They're loud , clear and actually seem to have a fairly good range . I mean they're not going to compete with your desktop Speaker at all but for a tablet they're amazing . The battery life is fantastic . Seriously all day battery with my usage . I was sick the other day and played FTL for about 2 hour , watched some hulu , a movie , then realized I could use Play To with my 360 and watched another movie by streaming it to my tv through my xbox 360 while browsing the web and ended up with about 50% battery after maybe 5 or 6 hour . I did find that it clocks itself down to about 600mhz when you get under 10% and you'll start to see some performance issue then . Really the only issue here is it charge with micro usb so charge time can take a bit . material & DesignOk , so now the bad . The keyboard is fine in my opinion . I really love typing on it actually , but it is a little cramped . My biggest peeve though is the right shift key is super small . The trackpad is fine . I'd like it if it were bigger , if it worked better and if they basically transplanted a macbook pro's trackpad , but as far as window computer go this is fine . The biggest issue is definitely the material they used . The only word to describe the back of the tablet is cheap . The material in general aren't great which was the hardest part of moving from a Surface . Final ThoughtsI wish the screen had a glass panel , I wish it was made of aluminum , I wish the keyboard was laid out differently , I wish the trackpad was better , I wish the window key was hidden away somewhere other then next to the volume button . It would be neat if there were option for keyboard base with additional storage . I'd love a kickstand on the tablet portion . There are a lot of fault , but the important thing about this is it's amazing . Basically I'd love if Microsoft had made this . If they'd just put an Atom inside the Surface 2 it would have blown everyone's mind . This isn't bad though . Sure if you take it to a coffee shop , people will probably drop money into your laptop bag as they walk past with their iPad and MacBook's . Android user will probably scoff at you for using window . But in the end you'll have a great computer that can really do anything except possibly look amazing . In closing , I love my T100 . 
  1 week in and i am so happy with this purchase . asu nailed it . For everything that I've used it for so far Word , excel , email , photoshop , web it has exceeded my expectation . Full featured window 8 . 1 is great , the ap actually work better than I thought and work better than the browser . Amazon , craigslist , ebay . I run window 8 on my laptop at work and don't use the ap at all , but on this touchscreen the ap are great . Keyboard isn't perfect but it work when you need it to I am currently typing in the dark and it is working fine . I love using without the keyboard as well tablet mode it is light , easy to use and plenty big enough . screen is bright , clear and easily viewable . Great running real web page and NOT stupid mobile version of everything . Flash work fine . Between the 7gb of space on Microsoft cloud and the 100gb from asu there is a ton of online storage via the cloud . The micro SD card slot work great too . REALLY REALLY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE . If you've been waiting for a functional tablet for actual work / function not just game and browsing this is the best value proposition on the market . Amazon nailed the delivery too . 2 day shipping arrived on a saturday which was perfect . 
  I got this from other vendor because Amazon did not have the pre order option at that time . I like this asu T100ta tablet a lot . The internet access speed is much faster than my Samsung Galaxy tablet and not slower than my older Intel I3 laptop . Never wanted to touch those old Intel Atom tablet until the new Bay trail Atom . I am pretty satisfied with asu T100's performance . The well designed detachable keyboard really make this tablet a laptop or this laptop a tablet . Since there is only one micro USB port on the tablet keyboard has a standard USB 3 port though you need a micro USB to female end USB adapter for regular USB hookup for the stand alone tablet . The battery lasted longer than one day with light use but it charged slowly . Maybe it was caused by the low amperage limitation of micro USB standard 5V at 1 . 8 amp max . However , I still highly praise ASUS's adaptation of the standard USB instead of the propriety connector . It make charging easier especially when traveling . **** Warning : When running the m Office for the first time you have to enter the activation code . The activation code is on an orange pamphlet marked Office , mixed with other booklet . I am glad I did not throw away my never read little pamphlet !  !  ! PRO : Light and very responsive . run all program out of my desktop . Standard micro USB charging . Con : Slow to charge trade off ?  . It is not so much a con but a trade off between time and convenience ! 
  Update after 2 week of use : It is VERY FAST I will say and using it in tablet mode is most enjoyable , comparing it to the ipad mini or nexus 7 2013 it would have to be arguably more comfortable to use as the increased size make it easier to hold on to and since the screen is also larger , but not heavier , you will have a more enjoyable experience . As for the screen resolution read my full review below . Charging yeah sure it takes a full 8 hour or more I stopped using the brick that comes with it as I have a multi usb 2 . 1 amp that allows me to plug in my other device at the end of my day .  . the unit is fully charged in the morning so I'm good to go all day and YE , you can go all day . 11 hour for sure . When you do plug in USB for power and use the unit , it will charge but not as fast as you using it so I found if you really know you are going to be needing it for more than 11 hour , plug it in whenever you can to extend that time . For example I used it in my car while using my car as my office for a few hour . I plugged it in to my 12 volt usb adapter while using it . I probably worked 16 hour that day and and had 8% left when I plugged it in at the end of the day . Please read my response to the comment/question at the end for more on how to set it up out of the box .  Since the product was first announced I started doing the review watch and finally purchased after the impulse to have the most inexpensive fully functional window 8 . 1 tablet and keyboard device was too great . in brief : Pro : fast , fast , fast : as a tablet is very light , run full window o/ if you need a window machine ; although some say charging is slow , it is done by USB cable so this is a good thing , since you get 11 hour of use , what more do you want ? With the unit plugged in if you are using it , it will not charge completely so expect about 30 hour of use before needing to take a break and let it charge .  . if you are working more than 30 hour without a break then you are doing something wrong ! Con : keyboard is not quite full size and has arrow key that cause shift key to be shifted over ; keyboard/screen mount does not allow screen to tilt far enough back . Now the full review : Let me start by saying I am a tech that has owned and operating my own business for the past 15 year , have worked on all operating system format from DOS to the latest Win 8 . 1 . My first portable tablet experience was when I bought the asu R2H Ultra Mobile PC which was about 10 year ahead of its time . I own the Ipad 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 original ipad mini , Nexus 7 original and 2013 , a Macbook 2008 , MacbookPro 2009 , iMac 2009 , Samsung Chromebook and now this asu T100 . As I mentioned the asu Ultra Mobile PC of the past , this new version of the asu tablet is probably close to the same build and not at all as some have written , feeling cheap . In fact the tablet side is very solid yet light enough to be able to use it all day long . Also , the key that are on this device , which are only 3 a volume up/down and a home/start button on the left and the power button on the top left are NOT spongy at all as some have written , also stating they are in the place where they are accidentally touched when you adjust the screen , the volume key I might agree with but certainly not the top power key . I think with any new device there will always be a few issue that take a while to get used to them . In the case of adjusting the screen , use your right hand and you won't be bothered by the possibility of hitting a key accidentally . If I have to focus on the issue that are negative for me , they would have to be the fact that the keyboard is not quite large enough . Although the key are ok being small , asu has opted to add the arrow key which mean the shift key get 'shifted' and I am finding myself hitting the up arrow key instead of shift almost all the time . Again , this is simply something to get used to but comparing it to the Samsung Chromebook for example , this is a big fail in my opinion as the Chromebook has a full sized keyboard with nice flat key , similar to the Macbook/pro and other apple keyboard . The other complaint I would have is what some other have mentioned , with Regard to the 4 rubber feet on the bottom of the keyboard , which are not all used due to the screen mount creating a raised feature which might be nice , if it allowed for the screen to actually tilt far enough back . I am writing this review from the device sitting on my lap and find myself placing the device between my leg , sitting back in my chair in order to get a comfortable position . When I use this on my standing work station , the screen need another 10 degree tilt which it simply doesn't have . The keyboard in my opinion is obviously an after thought where they figured they would build a tablet first , or was built before the screen was completed , otherwise they would have known that the two simply don't mate that great as a laptop . The actual mating of the screen to the keyboard is very simple , with two locking latches on either side of the connector board in the middle , with a simple push button release that just work . You will want to make sure you hear the click when you push it back on as I have found when I started using this in between the knee position , the keyboard stopped working due to the fact I had not clicked it in place and my knee ended up causing the device to come unlatched . The key on the keyboard however , are NOT squishy as some have stated and do work quite well . Same as the touchpad . Some have stated it is too small however given the size of the keyboard I feel it is within the correct ratio and work without a problem . I had no trouble getting the unit powered on after about 4 or 5 hour of charge , even though I did try to use it out of the box and then after plugging it in for about 10 minute .  . nada .  . tried again after about an hour and still nada .  . then started to wonder if I was pressing the correct button , trying the lower side button first and then the top and finally all three together , thinking it might be like a phone where you can reset it this way .  . still nothing .  . but after about 4 or 5 hour , pressing the power I noticed the screen light up and sure enough the initial window 8 came up prompting me with the typical username and setup . I was pleasantly surprised that it already had the 8 . 1 upgrade so I didn't have to go through hour of Update , only 15 critical and about 6 non critical/driver Update . I didn't get any crapware from McAfey or Norton so that was wonderful . The removal of trialware/malware was very limited . Since I already have an asu wireless router I had set up my free 5GB account so I only had to sign in to get my additional storage space , which I probably will not use since I utilize google drive and dropbox mostly , but it is nice to have . Now on to the actual use .  .  . the system is FAST .  .  . blow away all iPad I own , noting I do have the retina display ipad3 and original ipad mini which has high benchmark but this quad core bay trail CPU rock .  .  . considering it only has 2 GB of RAM that doesn't appear to be a factor at all . it also helps having the solid state hard drive I am sure .  . oh by the way .  . about 42gb available out of the box on this 64gb ssd so that is about normal . I have yet to insert an micro sd card in since storage to external usb drive is more likely since I utilize offsite storage like google drive and dropbox anyway . Using my chromebook about 50 percent of the time I have become quite used to working in online mode all of the time . That being said , i have not used office product for year , since google doc work just fine for me . Although I will open word or excel on occasion , sure , it is nice to have it built in to this machine and for most that do use office , they will find this to be a nice added bonus . The over all weight of this unit with both keyboard and tablet , weighs in a little more than my samsung chromebook but it does feel more solid as well . I must admit after using it with the keyboard attached yet having the touchscreen option , I have on more than one occasion found myself going to touch my macpro or chromebook screen which are NOT touch screen so I can see further touch device becoming the norm pretty quickly . In conclusion , the reason the 5th star was removed was due to the keyboard issue the way the entire unit sits on a table with the limited tilt of the screen , as well as the arrow key causing the rest of the keyboard to have a shift to it , but certainly not a reason to not buy one of these . In fact I can see NO REASON why anyone that Want a VERY PORTABLE device with keyboard , as well as a great tablet option that is very fast AND run window wouldn't go for this . I paid 410 after taxe .  .  . blow away the Microsoft Surface even if the keyboard isn't full sized .  . oh and did I mention the ability to use BLUETOOTH if you didn't want to use the built in keyboard for all day use ? YE , you can use an apple bluetooth keyboard if you want ! 
  I've been thinking about buying a tablet for a while but since thanksgiving is coming up and we are traveling I knew I wanted it before christma . So I read some review and talked to some people . Initially I was considering buying a m surface . I'm a window girl and always have been so I liked the idea of a tablet that ran window 8 . But , they are expensive . The pro version , with window 8 NOT window RT is almost a thousand dollar and considering I have a perfectly good laptop I was not going to spend that much money on just the tablet . Because the keyboard is an additional hundred dollar . I liked at lot of thing about this asu tablet . It ran window 8 , came with a free version of m office home and student 2013 , came with a keyboard , and was cheap . Now window 8 takes some getting used to . The interface could be a little better in term of switching program I would love to be able to lock program so they only open in desktop mode for example , but the live tile are something I'm familiar with already , as I have a window phone . I do like the simplicity and visual representation of window 8's start screen . Some people won't . The keyboard also takes some getting used to . It's small , obviously as its only a 10 tablet . This result in feeling a little cramped . It might not be for people with larger hand , in which case using the tablet's virtual keyboard might be easier as the key are bigger . The key do make a satisfying clicking sound , and are textured enough that it's actually easier than you might think to type . I was having some trouble with the touch pad at first , and then I realized that the tab and keyboard weren't fully connected . When you connect the two , make sure you hear TWO clicking sound . After that everything worked as it was supposed to . Also the touchpad act as a second tablet screen essentially . So gesture you make on the tablet will correspond to the same gesture you make on the touchpad for example swiping the touchpad from the left to right pull up the program running just like swiping the screen would . Thus the space for the pointer is rather small but you get used to it and if all else fails you can just tap the screen . Now I bought the 32 gb version at Best Buy for 369 including tax . The only difference is storage space . However , I also bought a micro usb adapter , so I can plug my 1 tb external hd into the tablet and use that as needed the port on the tablet is micro usb while the port on the keyboard is usb 3 . 0 . I might eventually get a micro sd card but at this point I have more than enough space . On my regular laptop I use photoshop . Beware that Adobe P cs6 does not support touch screen . On any device . This one use the new Bay Trail processor and its fast . My laptop is an i3 and the tablet is faster right now . I'm not running as many program , but it's still impressive . As for design , it's not as well built as the window surface , using plastic instead of metal alloy of whatever kind it is , but it's not a flimsy kind of plastic , and Feel very solid in the hand . The screen does attract Fingerprint like crazy , so think about getting a screen protector I'm getting the skinomi skin for it since I have one on my phone and love it . Overall , for what you are getting , it's a really really good deal . It would be perfect for a student , and is a good introduction into the microsoft 8 o that's not overly expensive . Considering it comes with the keyboard and m office also , I can't say enough about how awesome it is . If you have any question about my experience feel free to leave a comment . UPDATE 11/24 : I was having trouble starting it after I had shut it down , and also after I restarted after downloading a program . The camera light would stay on which made me think its not shut down . Searched for the issue on google and apparently it has to do with ASUS's webstorage program wanting to be available to update even when shut down . So I deleted it and I don't have the problem anymore . I also got rid of some of the other asu program since I don't need them anyway . In addition I updated the bio to 216 which asu took down from their site for some reason but is still available in other place . Also if you don't like the asu reading mode download a program called f . lux . Its amazing , I have it on all my computer . 
  I preordered the asu Transformer T100TA just an hour after it went up here on Amazon . I've been following this specific tablet since it was announced and was excited to try it out . This is the first tablet I've owned but I'll try and give a comprehensive review based on my experience with it . First off , I'll go over the problem I've had with it . If I had reviewed this tablet a couple day ago I probably would have given it 2 or 3 star due to two problem that were occurring . The first has to do with the volume rocker . When I pressed down on the volume rocker , it would act as though I were holding it down and reduce the volume down to 0 unless I pressed up on the rocker . It was a strange issue and I figured I had received a defective unit . I opened up a case with asu , just in case there was a simple fix , and low and behold , I was informed to download the latest audio driver from asu , and this completely fixed the problem . The second issue is with sleep mode . It seems like when the dock is attached and I close the unit like a netbook , it doesn't go into sleep mode and I'll come back half a day later and a huge chunk of the battery life will be gone . I haven't bothered looking for any window setting to change this , one might exist . Now I just use the keyboard hotkey fn f2 to put it to sleep before closing it and this seems to work fine . Build quality of the unit is what you'd expect for the price . I'm not crazy about the glossy plastic back , but at least the pattern is good looking . The button on the tablet portion have a good click to them and I haven't seen any issue with them other than the software issue I described above . I feel like the dock has a higher build quality as far as material go than the tablet itself . Its plastic , but a mat plastic rather than glossy with a brushed metal texture on the inside that I really appreciate . The connection from the dock to the tablet is solid , the only beef I have with it is it's a little wobbly I can rock it forward and back a little bit without actually rotating the pivot point of the connection . The biggest disappointment like many have said is the track pad . Basically it sucks and I only use it when necessary . That being said , I hate track pad anyway so even if it was fantastic I probably would be using it anyway . The keyboard on the doc is pretty small , and honestly Feel a little awkward . That being said , if I ignore the awkwardness I end up typing just as fast/efficiently as with a full sized keyboard I type around 80 wpm on the tablet and my desktop keyboard , which I feel is a pretty average speed . The key on the keyboard themselves feel really nice , and overall I love the dock keyboard . The camera/mic are a standard affair imo . They remind me of the average laptop front facing webcam/speaker . Not very high quality image/audio , but good enough to video chat . Just make sure to wear headphone if your chatting if you don't want to get hardcore echoing on the mic . I was really impressed by the Speaker on this thing . I've never put them above 40% as that seems to be good enough to fill up the surrounding area even when I'm sharing audio with someone else . Definitely better than any laptop Speaker I've had the pleasure of using . As far as computing power goes , you probably won't be playing any newer 3d game on this thing . I do a little bit of game development as a hobby in my spare time and even some of the simple game I make run pretty slow on this guy . That said , 2d game seem to run smoothly on it and I was even able to get Portal 1 to work at a playable frame rate . I'm mostly using this guy for some media consumption and some light programming on the go though , so it's perfect for my use . All the app on it run really smoothly and the only hangup I've had are with the metro internet explorer app freezing , which I'm hoping is software issue rather than a hardware one and will be fixed it Feel weird using IE after so many year , but honestly IE 9 is pretty slick in metro and even has a little bit of WebGL support , so they seem to be trying to catch up . Overall I'm very satisfied with this product , and if you want a budget window 8 tablet , I would recommend this guy 100% . 
  This convertible laptop is exactly what the description says . It does take a little getting use to with the new window on it but I'm starting to really like it . I love that it came with a keyboard and Microsoft office , two big item on my list of must have . Out of the box it looked impressive . I was a little disappointed there wasn't an instruction manual or even a quick start guide but there is one under app and online it just took me a while to find it . The screen detaches from the keypad really easily but is really sturdy when it is attached . The keypad is small and takes some getting use to for typing a lot but again , I'm getting use to it . My only complaint is the camera . It takes pretty horrible picture and there isn't a back lens so if you are trying to take a picture you have to hold it at a weird angle . I didn't get this for a camera though so I didn't knock off any star for that . The screen quality is great ! image and picture online are really clear and vibrant . Oh and the battery really does last all day . It takes a while to charge so we just leave it charging overnight . By morning we are at 100% , use it constantly between the four of us and it make it until evening before needing charged again . 
  I've been wanting a window 8 tablet to free me up from my desktop computer , and after reading review and having an asu Transformer TF 201 that I like a lot decided to go with this . I didn't care one way or the other about the keyboard , and have only used it enough to say that it's working fine . So far , the only problem I've had with the tablet were caused by user error ; even with year of window experience , I found there to be a fairly steep learning curve . Where's this ? Where's that ? Why are there three different version of it in three different place ? Fortunately , I was able to find answer for my question on line . One warning : do not calibrate your tablet , you'll lose your charm bar . For me , this was a super wise investment , learning curve and all . 
  As close to what I want in a tablet/laptop as I can currently see on the market . The only two thing that would make this tablet/laptop better is ~11in screen size and greater than 1080p screen resolution . Still enjoying it immensely , though ! I've connected a mouse via the wireless bluetooth connection , so this circumvents the rather poor trackpad , IMO . A good workaround I would recommend for those looking to use desktop/mouse based functionality . My intention is to test how using an external hard drive for gaming work out . Utilizing the USB 3 . 0 port should allow this , so game that aren't too recent mostly Steam game from before 2009 are what I'll fiddle around with . If this solution work , it'll eliminate the need for additional storage in the machine itself ; this will leave my 32GB version with plenty of room for essentially only tablet specific app . Getting back to the tablet itself : this largely addresse the small gripe I had with the Vivotab Smart . The sound is much improved from the one mono speaker to the dual stereo Speaker . The inclusion of the Bay Trail Z3740 Atom in this T100 stomps the floor with the Clover Trail Z2760 Atom in the Vivotab Smart . Display is largely the same . The only thing that lacks by comparison is the case which isn't a big deal for me ; T100 is glossy compared to the quality feel of the Vivotab Smart . Overall , a great improvement ! So , depending on how the workaround for the internal storage work out , this may be my tablet/laptop of choice for the next year to several year .  : Update1 : Using a WD My Passport Ultra 500GB USB 3 . 0 External Hard Drive , I tried Counter Strike original and Torchlight 2 ; both worked successfully . Will try Diablo III soon after it download . Update2 : Success , albeit with reduced visual . Game is definitely in a playable state .  : I was also able to get Portal 2 to play well on the external HD ; awesomeness . An excellent solution for PC gaming on the go as well as having a simple tablet when you need it . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! Update3 : Encountered what I believe to be a Bluetooth battery drain bug . I was able to reproduce it reliably a few time now , so I think I can positively say how to get around it . That is to say , if you want to reproduce it , you'll need a Bluetooth device I got my Bluetooth mouse . Make sure it's connected to the tablet . Then , simply put the tablet into sleep mode close the lid or tap the power button . After that you can wait for the Bluetooth device to time off or turn it off yourself . Instead of sipping power at less than 1% per hour like normal , it's more like 10 20% per hour in this state . I imagine this is caused by how window 8 engages sleep mode with peripheral attached . An easy workaround is for you to turn off your Bluetooth device before you place the tablet into sleep mode . Rather annoying to deal with but doesn't affect my opinion of this device ; still a fantastic product ! 
  First off , let me say that I have been checking out the m Surface and the Dell Venue 11 Pro i5 prior to purchasing the asu T100TA C1 . The Surface is nice in the hand and has some great specification , but was a lot higher than I wanted to pay for a tablet . The Dell Venue 11 Pro i5 was also nice , but I could not get past the sound of the fan whirling off and on . Both the Surface and Venue are nice model if you are looking for the higher processing power that the i5 chip would require , but the price and weight are significantly more than the asu T100 series . I had purchased the Dell and used it for approximately a week before finally getting Dell to agree to let e return it the Customer Service Department and the process handling purchase and return was quite lengthy . As far as the Surface , I had only played with one in store and one at work that belonged to a coworker . Additionally , the asu was purchased to replace my 3rd Gen iPad . On to my review of the asu : Right out of the box the asu T100 has been fantastic . The T100 is a perfect sized tablet , very comparable to my wife's iPad Air . Setting up the window tile screen was fairly intuitive and the learning curve has been easy even though this was the first that I had used window 8 . Physical attribute of the asu T100 C1 : Pro : Nice size and light weight . Plastic shell , with a clear coat but does not feel cheap in the hand . Touch screen is very nice and responsive . So far , all of my input gesture have been spot on . Screen and display is very bright and color look great . Compared to my wife's iPad Air , the screen look the same . Movie playback look good using the Netflix App . Button layout is good as the volume rocker is off to the side , the sleep/power button is on the top so as to not get bumped . Micro SDXC slot !  !  ! I put a 64GB U1 speed micro SD card in and have all of my itune library on the SD card versus the onboard memory . USB 3 . 0 !  !  ! I will soon load up all of my daughter's video which is extensive and put them onto a small form factor USB thumb drive for when we are travelling . Keyboard is a pleasure to use , even though the size is obviously smaller than a standard laptop keyboard , I have had zero issue typing or navigating around the smaller space . The docking of the table onto the keyboard is solid and click snuggly into a cupped partition on the backside of the keyboard . There is a release button at the front of the cupped dock partition that release the tablet and with a slight pull , it easily comes free versus just falling away from the keyboard . Con : Keyboard : smaller than a standard laptop ; more like a netbook . I have had zero issue working on the smaller keyboard , but I wanted to highlight it for those that were expecting it to be comparable with your laptop sized keyboard . Plastic shell : The clear coat is a finger print magnet . I purchased a protective skin from Amazon in order add a layer of protection from scrape and scratche anyway , so no finger print issue anymore . Micro USB power connection : The micro USB power cord stick straight out from the side of the tablet and looked liable to getting hit so I ordered a right angle micro USB to standard USB cord from Amazon for 5 . 99 and now the cord barely stick out before pointing down . I wish the keyboard had an additional USB 3 . 0 portAsus/Windows Software : Pro : Full window !  !  ! Full free version of window Office Home !  !  ! I can now surf the web , watch Netflix , load itune , and work on actual Word , Excel , and PowerPoint document without having to use a couple of expensive purchase app that I have on my iPad that don't always work correctly when received from my coworker through DropBox . Real Adobe The Tile screen is easy to customize and use . You can have 2 task up on the screen at the same time and adjust how much of the screen for each music and internet , m Word and FaceBook , whatever The swiping of task is great ; just swipe from the left side of the screen or mouse pad , and you will scroll between task . The tablet software is very interactive in that if you swipe from the right , a menu bar pops out from the right with option related to the task you are working on and general option ; swipe from the bottom and a menu bar pops up with file option related to what you are currently doing . Overall , very easy to be interactive with whatever you are working on . Software Con : I haven't come across any yet , but my expectation are that of a tablet to fall somewhere between my high end laptop and my iPad . Overall I am very pleased with my asu purchase . I have added the 64GB U1 speed micro SDXC card , a Bluetooth mouse , both tablet and keyboard skin faux wood skin look surprisingly great , and the right angle micro USB to standard USB cord . I have been using exclusively the asu for about 10 day and have not used either my iPad nor my laptop during that time . Unless something unexpected happens from here on out , a 6 year old is soon going to be inheriting an iPad 3rd Gen from her daddy . I hope this review helps in your purchasing decision . Asus/Window 8
  I've waited to get a window 8 computer until I found something worth the pain of re learning window and this is it . When I heard the spec on this computer I was pretty excited touchscreen , removable tablet , 11 hr battery life , 2 pound , real keyboard included , and under 400 . I read some poor review about the touchpad and the thing falling over , but those report are overblown or false . In the end , I love this thing so much I plan on selling my MacBook Air original & iPad original this replaces them both . Pro : Low cost 300 with 64GB on Black Friday Very long battery life . run real window 8 not just the Metro app from the app store Thin & light fit everywhere and easy to carry Good keyboard although some find it too small Excellent touch screen Very easy one button to detach fully functional window 8 tablet On an airplane you can use it all the time because it's under 2 lb . If they hassle you , you can just use the tablet until you reach cruising altitude . Display very good . It's not as high resolution as the new Surface but I don't ever see a problem . The pixel would be too small for most adults' eye to be usable at full resolution . Con : No separate PgUp/PgDn , but Fn up/Fn Dn work . micro USB power connector Feel like it would be very bad if pulled the wrong way . Apple magnetic connector are nice ! window 8 is nice with the tablet , but it's still schizophrenic between Metro & window , and not as easy as an iPad eg pinch Zoom isn't always available esp in regular window . There aren't yet many dedicated case . People are trying all sort of alternative case without finding a perfect fit . The touchpad isn't the world's best but it doesn't feel too cheap to me and more importantly , it work fine . People are complaining about the feel & sound of clicking on the lower left/right but you don't need to do that at all just tap anywhere to click . The other concern I've seen is about the balance of the LCD V keyboard and it falling over . I don't understand this . I've never had it fall over . Now , I have seen a video about a guy who disassembles the keyboard and removes the metal plate there to reduce the weight by a huge amount . That setup probably is top heavy . The stock T100 never falls back . I've also seen on the TransformerForums . com concern about power issue not going to sleep , waking up when closed and draining the battery , etc . I haven't seen those problem personally , but it seems that these may be related to a bad version of the bio which is user upgradeable . If you are seeing problem , you should update . If you aren't seeing problem then don't . The only problem I've found is that I can't change the power button or lid to Hibernate instead of sleep . It doesn't matter much with such long battery life , but it still use . 5% 2% per hour while sleeping , and the startup is so quick I prefer to Hibernate . I eventually installed Start8 which gives you the old start button back including Hibernate . I've read about WiFi disconnecting , and I've had some problem , but I think my problem is actually with my network because I've seen it happen side by side with another Win7 laptop . I can't see why someone would want a Surface 2 for 450 which won't run real window desktop program , or pay twice that for a Surface Pro 2 which won't do anything more than this . This laptop rock . It's the device I grab when I want to quickly surf the web or check email . It's also what I grab when I want to watch TV and do some real work . I also like to use LogMeIn to remote to my desktop and do some real serious work . It's a great laptop and you'll love it . 
  Use a car window wax/cleaner Turtle brand Ice for car window on the tablet cover to get rid of the finger print magnet situation . work like magic on all similar cover . Use small amount on a paper towel so it doesn't get in the speaker grid on the cover . Just a fiber cloth , no additive needed , work great on the screen itself . After the Update , which are automatic now as soon as you log on , this 10 . 1 tablet/netbook is the best on the market .  .  . not an app problem when you have full window 8 . 1 .  .  . you can get pretty well any app that is out there .  .  . just add the Chrome browser as part of your desktop for Google's stuff and Safari for Apple's if needed . Great machine . Maximum overall utility , you wont be disappointed .  .  . Not an Apple , Google or m fan but I'm a donkey about quality . 
  < ! n nfunction fp_resizePlayerSpace nsPrefix , w , h n{ t n try { t n var ifrm = parent . document . getElementById nsPrefix movieFrameID ; n if ifrm { t n var h2 = h 35 ; n ifrm . style . height = h2 ; n } n } catch err { n n } n n n if h > 0 { n document . getElementById nsPrefix clipDiv . style . height=h px ; n document . getElementById nsPrefix videoPlaceholder . style . height=h px ; n } n else { n document . getElementById nsPrefix clipDiv . style . height= ; n document . getElementById nsPrefix videoPlaceholder . style . height= ; n } n document . getElementById nsPrefix flashcontent . style . height= 100% ; n} n nfunction fp_rewriteDiv nsPrefix , divName , html n{ t n document . getElementById nsPrefix divName . innerHTML=html ; n} n nfunction embeddingPopup nsPrefix n{ n alert placeholder function for embedding code ; n} n > n n n< ! n nfunction cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11embeddingPopup { t nalert Embedding code will be displayed here .  ; n} n n > n n n n n n n n n n< ! nfunction cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11refresh_preplay { n ndocument . getElementById cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11chiDiv . innerHTML = document . getElementById cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11hiddenPre . innerHTML ; n} ; ncv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11refresh_preplay ; n n > n n n n n n n // < ! CDATA n nvar cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so ; t n n nfunction cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11loadSwf_Core swfLocation , swfWidth , swfHeight , flashVersion , bgColor , swfParam , flashParam , embedAttribute { n n try { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so = new SWFObject swfLocation , cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11AMPlayerProd , swfWidth , swfHeight , flashVersion , bgColor ; t n n for var v in swfParam { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . addVariable v , encodeURIComponent swfParam v ; n } n for var v in flashParam { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . addParam v , flashParam v ; n } n for var v in embedAttribute { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . setAttribute v , embedAttribute v ; n } n n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . addVariable swfEmbedTime , new Date . getTime ; n n var agt = navigator . userAgent ; n n var reFirefox = new RegExp firefox/ , i ; n var regx = agt . split reFirefox ; n var ffVersion = 8 ; n if regx 1 { n var pt = regx 1 . split / . / ; n ffVersion = parseFloat pt 0 . pt 1 ; n } n var minorVersion = parseFloat navigator . ap ; n if navigator . appVersion . indexOf Mac ! = 1 || ffVersion < 1 . 5 { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . setAttribute height , swfHeight ; n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . setAttribute width , swfWidth ; n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . addVariable oldFirefox , 1 ; t n } n n if cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . write cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11flashcontent { n fp_resizePlayerSpace 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11' , n  320 , n  283 ; n } n else { n var nsPrefix = 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11' ; n n fp_resizePlayerSpace nsPrefix , 0 , 0 ; n fp_rewriteDiv nsPrefix , flashcontent , '<br/>To view this video download <a target= _blank href= http : //www . macromedia . com/go/getflashplayer target= _top >Flash Player</a> version 9 . 0 . 115 or higher ' ; n } n } catch err { n fp_resizePlayerSpace 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11' , 0 , 0 ; n } n return false ; n} n n n nfunction _cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11loadSwf movieID , playerVersion { n var swfLocation = http : //g ecx . image amazon . com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer . _V148501545_ . swf ; n var swfWidth = 320 ; n var swfHeight = 100% ; n var flashVersion = 9 . 0 . 115 ; n var bgColor = FFFFFF ; n n var swfParam = {} ; n var flashParam = {} ; n var embedAttribute = {} ; n swfParam . amazonPort = 80 ; n swfParam . allowFullScreen = true ; n swfParam . telemetrySubPageType = VideoReview ; n swfParam . nsPrefix = cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11 ; n swfParam . locale = en_US ; n swfParam . logUrl = gp/mpd/l ; n swfParam . canResize = 1 ; n swfParam . autoPlay = 1 ; n swfParam . sessionId = 000 0000000 0000000 ; n swfParam . marketplaceID = ATVPDKIKX0DER ; n swfParam . salign = LT ; n swfParam . preset = detail ; n swfParam . mediaObjectId = m1B0C9ZRKUQ481 ; n swfParam . autoPlayTimer = ; n swfParam . mediaObjectIDList = m1B0C9ZRKUQ481 ; n swfParam . playIsUserGenerated = 1 ; n swfParam . enableShare = 0 ; n swfParam . permUrl = gp/mpd/permalink ; n swfParam . telemetryPageTypeID = R1JOFASWHRHVSQ ; n swfParam . xmlUrl = http : //www . amazon . com/gp/mpd/getplaylist v2/m1B0C9ZRKUQ481/000 0000000 0000000 ; n swfParam . amazonServer = www . amazon . com ; n swfParam . scale = noscale ; n flashParam . allowFullScreen = true ; n flashParam . salign = LT ; n flashParam . bgcolor = FFFFFF ; n flashParam . allowScriptAccess = always ; n flashParam . quality = high ; n flashParam . wmode = transparent ; n embedAttribute . title = Flash Player ; n n if movieID { n if playerVersion == '3' { n swfLocation = http : //g ecx . image amazon . com/images/G/01/am3/20120510035744301/AMPlayer . _V148501545_ . swf ; n swfParam . mediaObjectIDList = movieID ; n } else { n swfLocation = http : //g ecx . image amazon . com/images/G/01/am3/legacy/20101014901/AMPlayerProd . _V197491872_ . swf ; n } n swfParam . xmlUrl = http : //www . amazon . com/gp/mpd/getplaylist v2/ movieID /000 0000000 0000000 ; n flashParam . wmode = transparent ; n swfParam . autoPlay = 1 ; n } n n if document . getElementById 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11duration' { n document . getElementById 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11duration' . style . display='none' ; n } n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11loadSwf_Core swfLocation , swfWidth , swfHeight , flashVersion , bgColor , swfParam , flashParam , embedAttribute ; n n return false ; n} n nfunction cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11loadSwf movieID , playerVersion { n return _cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11loadSwf movieID , playerVersion ; n} n n n t n t t// > n t n n< ! n nfunction cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11newHeight h n{ t n fp_resizePlayerSpace 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11' , 0 , h ; n} n nfunction cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11resetPlayer w , h , bw , cc { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11newHeight h ; n n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . addVariable resetBandwidth , bw ; n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . addVariable cacheCode , cc ; n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . setAttribute height , h ; n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . setAttribute width , w ; n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11so . write cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11flashcontent ; n} n n > n n n n n n n n nvar cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11RollOverImg = new Image ; ncv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11RollOverImg . src = http : //ecx . image amazon . com/images/I/91OsuHvVfUS . _SX320_PHcustomer video vignette_PIvideo review bottom , BottomLeft , 0 , 43_OU01_PIcustomer video play active , BottomLeft , 130 , 12_CR0 , 0 , 0 , 0_ . png ; n nvar cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay = document . getElementById 'cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplayImageId' ; nif cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay . onmouseover = function { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay . src = http : //ecx . image amazon . com/images/I/91OsuHvVfUS . _SX320_PHcustomer video vignette_PIvideo review bottom , BottomLeft , 0 , 43_OU01_PIcustomer video play active , BottomLeft , 130 , 12_CR0 , 0 , 0 , 0_ . png ; n } n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay . onmouseout = function { n cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay . src = http : //ecx . image amazon . com/images/I/91OsuHvVfUS . _SX320_PHcustomer video vignette_PIvideo review bottom , BottomLeft , 0 , 43_OU01_PIcustomer video play , BottomLeft , 130 , 12_CR0 , 0 , 0 , 0_ . png ; n } n n n var node = cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11preplay . parentNode ; n n var cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11currentClick = node . onclick ; n node . onclick = function { n var head = document . getElementsByTagName head ; n if head 0 { n var logTag = document . createElement 'script' ; n logTag . type = text/javascript ; n logTag . src = /gp/customer media/du/log . html ? ie=UTF8&p=CustomerImage&s=CustomerVideoPlay ; n head 0 . appendChild logTag ; n } n n if cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11currentClick { n return cv_mo2EZU9L2U3OZ11currentClick ; n } n } n} n n n n n Length :  : 3 : 43 MinsAll of the hype surrounding this hybrid , laptop tablet from asu press junket is true : this is a phenomenal computer that incorporates the best from the laptop and tablet division of window and at a price that is , quite frankly , a steal . And , for less than 350 ! ***This is the first window computer I've owned in more than 20 year . Incidentally , this comes just one week after I bought my stepson a Toshiba Satellite notebook and being greatly impressed with its performance , as well . There are a number of thing that jump out at you when working with this laptop hybrid : * Compact feature . This is should be in the category of sub notebook . This is about the same size as my old , Contaq Contura Aero . Measuring 7 x 10 . 5 . And , it weighs about 2 lb . The notebook tablet is a hybrid but it's a fully functioning window laptop that you can access by the detachable keyboard or by a 5 point touch screen . *** App's Store ***The window App store has an impressive library of app's more than triple from last year , although well behind the itune Store and the Google Play/ Android app store . *** Spec's ***32GB SSD HDD3GB DDR2Quad core Bay Trail processor @ 1 . 3Ghz10 . 1 screen with 1366 x 768 resolutionMicrosoft Office 2013 H&S ; 10 hour of charge . I've only re charged it once in 3 week . Bluetooth 4 . 0Only 399*** Performance ***More than anything else , I'm wonderfully surprised at how well this laptop work . It's always been opinion that a window PC's only make sense from a budgetary standpoint . But , this hybrid is extremely useful and this is coming from a diehard Apple fanatic for operation more than word processing . The first thing you'll immediately notice is that the laptop power on from push power to fully operational in 5 second . 5 second ! The SSD drive is incredibly fast , much faster than I anticipated . This also translate to word processing app's to browsing the internet to playing game . The keyboard is close cropped but it wasn't so cramped like the Compaq I used to own that I find myself hitting the Shift Key when I wanted to hit the Comma key . Working with art app's like Sketchbook Pro was what I was most interested in finding out . It work flawlessly via a stylus and when a Wacom Bamboo tablet is attached , it also gives me option . Netflix and other necessary app's are another plus because with more than 10 hour of battery life , I can work or play without needing to have an ac outlet nearby . I'd also like to mention that this hybrid is connected to a power source by a micro usb to usb connection , so you have the option to plug into another computer to charge , an external battery or if you have a usb ac adapter , you can plug it right into the wall . *** Price V . Value ***The retail price is 400 . I've seen it as low as 350 . But , you have the best of what's offer for a better laptop at 800 . Super fast SSD drive 10 hour battery life Touchscreen or keyboard window 8 . 1 and you can get rid of that gaudy Metro screen Lightweight and compact . Hybrid computer gives you access to both traditional window app's and touchscreen app's simultaneously . For a budget price it is a MUCH better option than a similar hybrid from other manufacturer and budget laptop . If there's a downside , it may be for people who want a optical drive , it would have to be purchased separately . This is an absolutely great laptop/tablet where you're not sacrificing performance , portability or versatility if you prefer one style of computer over the other . 
  Here's why this is a better tablet/laptop than the other one out there , in no particular order : 1 . Low price without sacrifice . 2 . Office is included , and it's not just a 60 day or one year license . It's forever . 3 . A keyboard is included free of charge . The Surface 2 keyboard will cost you 130 extra , plus you don't get the desktop version of window with the standard Surface 2 which cost the same as the asu Transformer Book T100 . 4 . You get the desktop version of window . This mean you can install application from website . You aren't restricted to app from the window Store . This is a humongous selling point . 5 . 64GB hard drive space . Not 32 . 64 . Plus there's a Micro SD port . Grab a 64GB card from Amazon for 40 and double your storage . Micro SD card are absolutely tiny and amazing technology . 6 . A USB 3 . 0 port on the left side of the keyboard . Plug in to use a wireless mouse . 7 . Detachable screen/tablet . It won't turn off when you detach it . 8 . Battery life is phenomenal . Charge all the way before powering on the first time . You can do it . Just go get a drink or something . 9 . Headphone jack . Yeah , all tablet have this . But just listing it as a feature . The Speaker on this tablet are actually quite good too without much distortion at high volume level . 10 . Mini HDMI port . 11 . It's not too small . The screen is a great size . And the keyboard .  .  . I am very tall and have large hand and finger . I'm typing this review and making very few mistake that require me to backspace . In fact , I typed point 11 without having to backspace once . 12 . No camera on the back reduces the price . You aren't going to be taking picture with such a large tablet anyway since it make you look a bit weird , so great thinking by asu on only including a front camera for the occasional Skyping , something I really don't even do that much of . 13 . asu is a solid brand with many year of experience . If you haven't heard of them , don't think of them as a weird brand . They are professional . They specialize in the techiest of techy stuff . Ask that friend that helps fix your computer . He'll confirm . I may be forgetting other thing . Any drawback are stomped on by all the thing I mentioned above . They're all minor . Note that I am a verified Amazon purchaser and not someone from asu trying to get the review score up . There's no need for that with this product anyway , as it's perfect . This is my first tablet ever , and my first laptop in eight year . I'm highly satisfied . 
  A great value . I have been waiting for a window tablet that isn't huge in foot print think 13 inche , no one Want to carry that but still gives a full experience and it has been delivered . It is important to remember what this will provide . If you are expecting a 1500 window computer experience you will be disappointed . The good : this is solidly built , the dock and hinge feel sturdy to my hand . The key have a nice report and feel nice under finger . The screen is good not the best , but for 350 what did you expect ? The touch screen is very responsive and work great for up to 5 point of contact as advertised . The machine has a good amount of pep . These Atom processor are getting pretty serviceable , heck I can play Left for dead 2 on it without any issue at all . The Intel video graphic have come a long way since I last bought a PC with Intel graphic inside . Battery life really is 11 hour or more . The Bad : My first unit got swapped by my local retailer because of a defect it stopped booting to window 2 day after purchase and the bio stopped seeing the hard drive as a viable boot option , but the second has been running strong for a few day now . The second unit had some performance issue and an inspection to the throttling of the CPU for power management reveled it simply wouldn't go faster than . 750 GHZ . Having had a unit that performed much better , I elected to factory restore like another reviewer suggested . This has worked and the CPU will now hit 1 . 88 ghz depending on usage as it should . My suggestion give it test drive for a few hour before you fully configure it to your liking , if it isn't surprisingly snappy for an Atom then you should format it . For the techno phobes its not too hard to do . Swipe from the right , hit the search icon magnifying glass , type remove , and 3 or 4 down you should see remove everything and re install window . From there follow the prompts . Dislike : The touch pad . asu really could have done a lot better here . It's functional sure , but its mushy feel and lack of distinct left right button leave me with a bad taste in my mouth . Sensitivity there is fine , but I prefer my Logitech travel mouse by a long shot . unlike on my Lenovo work laptop where the travel mouse propensity for hand cramp has me preferring Lenovo's touch pad . With its 11 hour battery life I didn't expect to use it plugged in so much , but I find I'm always looking for power plug because it takes 6 8 hour to charge it to full . Maybe I'll break this habit and get over the mental block that 30% power still mean I have hour to go , but given the short life of all my other electronic at 30% this will be hard to do . Would I buy it again ? Absolutely ! I even recommend you do too , just accept that you will want a cheap travel mouse for when you are creating content and that you will use the touchscreen for everything else . 
  This laptop/tablet combo is good , but it could be a lot better with just a few tweak . The Software : There were a few instance where the driver that asu was downloading were interfering with the Microsoft driver and caused the system to crash pretty bad . I was able to get it back up and running after doing a full restore . The system at first would not take my Microsoft account . Music will not play in the background on desktop app , but will on Modern/Metro app , but that's not Asus's fault , it's how Microsoft designed the operating system for the tablet . Other than that , I really love the metro interface and how well the laptop holds up . There is almost no lag on any of the program that I have launched . I am impressed with how well this laptop can handle what I throw at it . Having Office with this laptop is a very nice feature , and it has a big price tag on its own . The hardware : The Speaker are the best I've seen on a tablet to date . I was impressed as it did better than all the laptop I've ever owned . This is something that asu really has down very well . The screen is nice and is very responsive to the touch . The power had issue at the beginning , but after a system restore I was able to get the correct driver for it . The charging is slow , but it's about the same speed as I've seen for Android tablet . I didn't expect it to go that fast with a Micro USB port . The keyboard dock is good , and the tablet will fit in every time . It gives a window sound when it's connected . Has a USB 3 . 0 port . The keyboard isn't lit up and I wish there was an option for a backlit keyboard , as I would buy one . The keyboard is also a little cramped , but it was what I expected with the size of the screen . Also wish the keyboard had a battery like previous asu transformer . Battery life is about nine hour for me , but I'm a heavy user . I recommend charging it while you sleep . I just needed something small that can run window . This fit the bill for me as it has Office included . I would buy again . 
  Firstly , for the price , it is truly amazing , has a lot of feature . The display is surprisingly great , play 1080p video without a lag . I installed desktop app like google chrome and a video editor on it , run smooth . My wireless mouse and keyboard work fine on the included USB port . Microsoft office comes free with the product . Micro hdmi allows me to connect to tv , work without a lag . I am super happy with my tablet , so glad that i bought this one . 
  very good . ii don't regret buying this computer . tho i wish the usb 3 . 0 port was on the screen rather than they keyboard so you wouldn't have to plug it into the keyboard to use the usb port
  This review Contain my impression after a few week of the product's use and what option might be considered . This is a solid product that offer good tablet experience . The screen is adequate and responsive . The computer itself is really fast . Boot time are fast as well as shutdown . I am not a big gamer but I played some market place game and they run fine . Most likely , game that are designed for desktop would have some delay . However , the tablet run all application including office without any problem . Video , including HD , run very smoothly on the device as well . Battery life of the device is as promised or may be even better . I was able to run the device for whole day , about 14 hour total on and off use , without charging and still had 20% left . I watched a few HD movie , browsed the Internet on and off , spend a few hour on my homework , and played a few game . This is exactly what I need out of any tablet . Of course , what make it all happen is window 8 . 1 , and it is a very good improvement over version 8 . I like the change they made and SkyDrive integration is very welcomed . On the other note , I do like reading mode application provided by asu . I did uninstall all other asu app . However , there are few thing that I don't like about this machine . window button is strangely positioned on the side by the volume rocker . There is usual window logo on the bottom of the device but it does not do anything . I might have gotten a defective device but that is how it function . I am still planning to look into it . Enabling hard drive encryption made the computer to stop working and I had to reinstall everything . I need to ask Microsoft about that . There are option of what you can buy instead of this device . You can go for Surface 2 or upcoming Nokia 2520 . Surface has a nice screen but I don't like Win RT and Surface is slower , much slower . I was able to play with T100 and Surface 2 at a store and there was noticeable difference to how faster T100 is . Nokia 2520 has faster processor than Surface but it is yet to be seen . However still a mobile processor with Win RT . Of course , money is the issue . Surface 2 is 450 with 32GB of HD and no keyboard . It would cost close to 600 or even more to get similar configuration to T100 , and all it would provide is higher screen resolution , but still slower performance . On the other hand , Nokia 2520 will offer LTE connectivity and that might be important , but any laptop/tablet can connect to the internet without extra fee by sharing phone connection . Nokia 2520 will have a really nice screen , but at supposedly 500 it will only offer 32 GB of HD and no keyboard . That is why it will cost around 600 650 to get similar configuration to what T100 offer for 400 . All it will provide is LTE connectivity , much nicer screen , nice design and perhaps similar performance , but still Win RT . Next in line is Dell Venue 11 . It look very promising and might be a really good choice . The price was just lowered to 500 for the base configuration that will offer 64 GB of HD and faster processor than T100 . In addition it will include full HD screen . However , it appears that the device is promised to have 8 10 hour of battery life and , with my previous Dell experience , we are looking at about 7 . 5 hour . However , I might be wrong . This tablet look like a good choice at slightly higher price where you are looking to spend about 150 200 to get similar configuration to T100 but better spec . The is one problem that stopped me from Dell Venue 11 is the size . I find 11 form factor a bit uncomfortable and Dell weight 1 . 6 lb V . 1 . 2 for asu . Dell Venue 8 look good too but 8 is kind of small for my need , but a really good option for a tablet . I am sure many more are coming and may prove to be even better choice but T100 is a good tablet with good option at an attractive price point . It is important to note that T100 is the lightest as the tablet out of presented choice , except for Venue 8 . 
  The idea of having a window 8 convertible with 10 hour of battery life with Office 2013 included for 400 seemed like a bad infomercial promise , but it turned out to be true for my purpose . I was looking for a second computer that could do fairly basic window stuff and multimedia while also being very compact and having a long battery life . I had previously purchased an Atom based asu netbook that was atrociously slow and only lasted a few hour , plus the fan was annoyingly loud . Here are my finding : GOOD : The T100 is as fast as you need a second computer to be . m Office run smoothly , all video play well and it's never slowed down terribly so far . I haven't run any processor intensive stuff yet like Photoshop or Crisis , but that's not why I purchased it . The screen is rather nice . It's an ip WXGA screen , which pales in comparison to some 1080p phone , but for a 10 . 2 netbook , it work well . Text is readable and video look great . The brightness isn't spectacular and the reflectivity is high , but it's very crisp and the viewing angle are excellent . There are no fan . It run cool . It run silent . The Speaker are better than my 17 laptop . Not great in the bass department , but they're loud . I just wish they were facing forward instead of backward . It's super light and compact . I'm able to read holding just the screen and the whole package , including the keyboard , fit nicely into the Kensington tablet sling I just purchased . The construction is solid . YE , the lid and screen are smudge prone , but it's all solid state and thoughtfully arranged .  .  . for a 400 piece of hardware . BAD : The WiFi is a bit wonky . When I wake my computer , sometimes the WiFi won't work but when I just turn the laptop's WiFi antenna off and on , everything goes back to normal . The charger is as slow as people are reporting . Sometimes it charge fairly slowly , other time , not at all . Still working that out . The trackpad is annoying and unpredictable . Once I turned off the tap to click feature , it was much more manageable except the trackpad click are conspicuously loud . Remedied by a bluetooth mouse . OTHER thought : I appreciate the microSD slot . I put in a 64GB chip and it work great . Some have complained about the single antenna WiFi , but it hasn't bothered me at all . Streaming music and video is not a problem . The tablet doesn't fit in immediately so you kind of have to wiggle it in so it will fit flush with the keyboard . window 8 . 1 present a learning curve . It's also not the greatest o for a tablet computer . But once you get used to the quirk , it's not a dealbreaker . The keyboard is small but totally usable . With its weird layout and lack of backlighting , it's not great in the dark , but otherwise , it's fine . IN SUM : For me , this computer does everything I expect it to do . It's tiny , relatively fast and the battery life is top . That said , there are many idiosyncrasie that you must contend with . WiFi , keyboard and charging require some fiddling , but maybe those thing will be ironed out in future Update . All in all , it's a great piece of hardware . If you're looking for something that has the portability of a tablet but the functionality of a laptop for 400 , it's an amazing deal that can't be beat . For the price , there are better laptop and there are better tablet , but as a low priced combo , it's a grand slam . 
  I wanted something easily portable to take around with me on campus YE , I'm a student . That said , I wanted the internet . Most any tablet would fit that bill . But I also wanted to be able to edit word document , spreadsheet , and powerpoint when I wasn't by my full laptop . So the having office included was a big deal for me . I've gotten good battery life and otherwise , performance for my task is quick and usable . That said , this is by no mean a gaming device . This is a device which is convenient because it is light , and has a keyboard attachment . My only complaint is the lack of a battery in the keyboard , I would have even paid more if it had that . But with that said , for basic productivity and web surfing in a place where you have wifi access , this is a great device . 
  This is a great machine . For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind think cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issue and lack of obvious feature that the Apple design GOD refuse to incorporate into the iPad microSD slot , USB port mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard , standard USB charger separate micro USB port , detachable keyboard , etc .  . This tablet has a newly designed Atom quad core processor that make it run very fast but very cool and energy efficient . I can confirm a 10 hour run time on a full charge running streaming video over a wi fi connection . The touch screen is highly responsive , so much so that I've fumbled a few time and inadvertently brushed the screen lightly and caused it to react as if I deliberately touched it . The keyboard and tablet integrate so well , mechanically and electronically , that you wouldn't know this is a tablet plus keyboard when they're connected . The keyboard is small and cramped , as you can imagine , but work very well given its size constraint solid touch and construction . But the keyboard comes in really handy for both keeping the tablet screen standing up for hand free viewing as well as banging out text on the keyboard when it's more convenient than using the touchscreen . The touchpad work very well , it also has built in left/right mouse button that also work well . window 8 is a completely different experience from previous version . It is all about touchscreen tablets/computer and work well for that . You will have to get used to finding thing on the computer in a new way and this will annoy many . But the positive tradeoff is an iPad like experience . app install and update seamlessly . The tablet alone is very light , and the screen is both bright and very sharp . The battery charge quickly 2 Amp charger . And one other thing , this tablet and keyboard will cost you hundred of dollar less than competing product with similar feature . asu make great product too . I did not have the issue described in the negative review here . 
  As most of the review will tell you , this is great , so since I'm not a techie , I will tell you about one experience I had , and not repeat thing that more knowledgeable people have said . There has been a couple of people that have said you really have to charge the computer about 8 hour which I did . The next day after using it for around 4 hour , I charged it again , maybe for 5 hour . When I went to start it , it would not power up . I was very upset , I thought I had a defective computer and called Amazon to return it . My big problem was I had installed Quicken on it with all my financial information on it and if I sent it back how was I going to uninstall Quicken . No one could have moved money around because of password but getting into my account , no problem because no password . This was Saturday and I had till Monday to decide what I should do . I called asu and got a great tech person who simply told me to hold my finger on the start button for a minute . I was so happy to see it boot , I HAD OVERCHARGED IT .  .  . DON T , but if you do , that's what you need to do . I added a password to get into Quicken . One thing I do notice that opening account in Quicken is quite slow , everything else move along . I hate Win 8 . 1 I was debating installing Outlook 2007 from another computer , but decided to bite the bullet and bought Outlook 2013 which I now also hate , where is the address book still haven't found it , will uninstall and go with Outlook 2007 . I debated using Classic Shell which seems quite popular and get's your start button back , but on checking further I think there could be a conflict with window Update . You can't win . 12/3/13Disaster struck after my review , again the computer wouldn't power up , but after 20 min did and started updating . Fast forward one day and again wouldn't power up , called asu I have to say great tech support after they walk me through a lot . nothing worked so they did a recovery for me . After recovery which took 40 min , it took out my Quicken and Microsoft Outlook 2007 application & file , I also lost all my photo and quickly found out my touchpad and keyboard and mouse wouldn't work . Tech tried to bring back my driver for keyboard and touchpad and now I had to use the touchscreen which was the only thing that worked . folk this is a tiny screen and trying to touch place with my thick finger , actually they're not that thick , it's just the icon and letter are so small . One conclusion I came out with NEVER BUY TOUCHSCREEN on a 10 computer , it's painful . I packed up the computer and shipped it back , so much time wasted , 3 application removed and all my setting . This is a disaster and I had such high hope for it . On top of that I hate window 8 . 1 , who doesn't , and was considering installing Classic Shell , glad I didnt I would have voided the warranty . 
  I really want to love this convertible . In term of speed and performance with Regard to gaming and video , this convertible has met all of my expectation . I'd just mirror the positive review from other . I got past the Microsoft Office installation issue I wouldn't worry about the concern other reviewer have had . The workaround is pretty minor . By stopping the print spooler and setting it to manual , Office installed great the first time . The one concern I have , I believe matche other reviewer comment about their tablet not waking up . I've occasionally had this problem , and I believe I've narrowed it down to the tablet not waking up from sleep when connected to power . If disconnected , I can leave the laptop on sleep mode all day without issue the screen will immediately light up ready to work within a second . Unfortunately if I left my laptop charging during the day , when I return I'll only get a black screen . I can get the laptop to power cycle by holding the power button for over 20 second , but this is frustrating . I'm also concerned that eventually the laptop may refuse to power back up . I hope asu or someone else comes up with a fix quick because otherwise I'm considering a return . If this were settled I'd have no problem rating this 5 star . It may not be perfect , but it exceeds expectation for price point . But the uncertainty about whether the laptop will power back on , and what data might be lost make this a potentially fatal flaw . I've already tried refreshing the laptop to no avail . 
  This little tablet/PC hybrid is just what Microsoft need to showcase the window Everywhere ecosystem . I currently use a window 8 Phone , a window 8 . 1 Desktop , and this . Everything work together . I have every App I could hope for and see absolutely no reason to get a more expensive iPad or Galaxy Tablet over these . Caveat : If I wanted to read book in the sunlight , or really cared about high resolution for movie playback , or needed specific app that aren't yet on window , mostly game , i'd say there is a reason to get one of the android/apple tablet . But since I don't need to read in the sunlight , play the mainstream game candy crush , and im happy with 1366x768 resolution for movie , this tablet is perfect for me . Oh , and technically while I cant candy crush , I could run an Android Emulator and candy crush in it . Or play Knight of the Old Republic PC , or any number of awesome , older PC game which totally smoke iPad gaming . Pet Rescue V . Planescape Torment ? Having full x86 window is GAME CHANGER . Oh and it comes with a licensed copy of office , which is worth almost as much as the whole laptop itself if you buy it retail ! This is currently the best bargain in tech . I've had no trouble using it , the WiFI performance is ALOT better than my old Lenovo Yoga 13 , the application launching and switching and performance is totally adequate , *BAY TRAIL CPU IS GREAT* , power consumption is great , I love that it lasts 4 day of use and I can charge it up with the same charger as my cellphone .  . 
  UPDATE 2 Someone suggested I update the bio from asu . So I did , and the power button is much better now . Why it wasn't like this from the start , I don't know . But back too my original 4 star . This thing is nice , but a tad quirky . But I'm connected to my TV via Miracast now , and it's pretty cool . Such is the way of new toy sometimes . Not all the kink have been worked out . ***UPDATE*** Reduced rating to 2 star because the power button is VERY problematic . Can't get it to turn the PC on 90% of the time . May have to call asu about a repair . It's a simple concept : if you can't turn it on , then it's useless . In fact , as I type this , I realize I have to just give it 1 star . Shame , as this had so much promise . Back to the original review .  .  .  .  . asu is really measuring up to be a great laptop . I've been a fan since the motherboard day , and am really starting to like them over Toshiba , as my go to laptop brand . I have an asu A55VD AH71 , and am quite impressed with it , because its got a lot of punch , and is one of the few economical laptop out there that still has a physical graphic card . This Transformer Book can't hold a match to that , but for a budget tablet/laptop , it's pretty amazing . Unfortunately , it's got a lot of hiccup too . Is it a Tablet or a Laptop ? BOTH ! That's the coolest thing about this little guy it's a full fledged touch screen laptop , that detaches from the keyboard to transform into a tablet ! Cool to say the least . The footprint is basically 10 . 25 x 6 . 75 and about . 75 thick with the keyboard attached . To detach and use in tablet mode , just push the lock button on the keyboard and remove the screen voila instant tablet . The screen reattaches quite easily and lock into place , so I can literally pick up the whole thing by the screen if I want , and the 2 part stay securely attached . The build Feel rock solid ; it doesn't feel like it'll break apart accidentally , and the 2 part lock together and feel like one solid unit when attached . Very nice . Welcome to window 8 in it's Natural HabitatLike most people , I wasn't all that fond of window 8 when I first tried it . It's not that the o is bad or anything , it's just a big departure from the window we used to know . Plus , window 8 was designed to be touched , so unless you're using it on a touchscreen laptop , then it's just cumbersome and awkward . I ended up tweaking Win 8 on my main asu laptop to run more like Win 7 , and I'm much happier with it that way on that particular computer non touchscreen . But on this Transformer Book , window 8 is kinda dreamy . I'm really falling in love with it within this context on a touchscreen device , where it was made to shine . window 8 was meant to be swiped and touched , not clicked to death with a mouse or touch pad . Frankly , Microsoft shot themselves in the foot with that one a touchscreen device should have been mandatory for window 8 , and that o should NEVER be installed on a non touchscreen device . It's just not meant to be used that way . My opinion of Win 8 has improved 100 fold , now that I finally see it in action , the way it was meant to be used all touchy feely . Fingerprint MagnetCosmetically , this Transformer Book is very attractive ; sleek , chic and modern . The downside though , is it attracts Fingerprint like crazy . The high gloss lid is beautiful , so long as you never touch it . But the minute you lay finger on it , it show every smear and smudge , and quickly look like crap . The touchscreen is no better . I have a new Kindle HDX , and I don't know what Amazon did to that thing , but no matter how many time I poke and touch it , I'm hard pressed to find any Fingerprint on the thing . I mean , I really have to try hard to make a single smudge or smear . This Transformer , conversely , could pick up Fingerprint from an imaginary friend . The screen on my friend's iPad always look like that too , and I never want to touch it because of that . I turn into Howie Mandel in that moment , inspecting every smear and smudge , imagining these touchscreen to be breeding ground for every virus and staph infection known to man . Not a very attractive feature of this otherwise beautiful laptop . I'm constantly wiping this thing down , even after just a few minute use ; it's just that bad . The Netbook ReinventedRemember those little netbook that were virtually useless for anything but checking email ? Well , that's what this reminds me of , only this time , it's actually useful . This is a full fledged window experience here , not a glorified email device . So in that regard , you can do anything on this Transformer Book that you can do on a regular laptop . Well , almost . It has no disk drive , so you're limited to downloadable software only . No one's gonna load Adobe's Production Suite onto this thing . But a cloud version of Photoshop might be interesting . Cloud Based SoftwareClearly that's the direction we're all headed . Microsoft Office has already gone there , and the o is soon to follow . In the not too distant future , software piracy will become near obsolete , since everything will be based in the cloud ; including our own document . But the upside to that , is it should cut down on viruse , piracy and the dreaded system wipe and re install that we've all had to suffer through on occasion . Microsoft Office IncludedEverything except Publisher , from what I can tell . Comes with a 1 user license product key in the box . USB Recovery Disk ? This comes with a USB flash drive in the box . It's very nice and chic looking , but I can't get any of my computer to recognize or read it . I'm assuming it's a recovery disk in case the computer ever crashe . Don't Be FooledYour standard Android or Apple tablet is very easy to use . Nary a software update or any real knowledge required . This Transformer Book is great , since you get the best of both world tablet and laptop . But just don't become complacent , thinking you're using a run of the mill tablet . It's not . This is a full fledged window PC that can be used like a tablet . But it's still window in all it's glory and with all it's security concern too . Be sure to install a good anti virus or security suite , and keep it updated . Don't fool yourself into believing you're using an innocent little tablet . I like having the full throttle power of a window machine in tablet form , I just gotta remind myself to remember that it's a full window experience , and not just a glorified toy , like other tab . The Hiccup List : Nice as this laptop is , there are some serious hiccup that make it feel more like a work in progress , than a fully realized idea . Here they are : > Wonky Power Button Sometimes , I just can't get it to power this darn thing on ! Or off ! I just keep pressing and pressing , and nothing . Then suddenly , it work . I don't think it's broken or anything , just really finicky with how it likes to be pressed . Not a deal breaker , just a pain in the arse . > Near System Failure on Update as is always the case with window , there's a crap load of Update required right outta the gate . asu even has a few of their own . Problem is , once all the Update were done , it naturally wanted to reboot and it almost never turned back on ! I almost thought I was gonna have to call tech support , because it looked like the thing had flat out died . It got stuck on a black screen for half an hour and wouldn't reboot . So I had to repeatedly futz with that wonky power button and forced about half a dozen reboot , which was a real pain , to say the least . After several glitchy reboot and jittery screen , it did finally sputter back to life . Not sure what the issue was , but it seems to be working fine now . > Crappy Charging Port it's got a micro USB charging port , and a nice compact charger . Only problem is , I really have to futz with it just to insert the charging cord . It really doesn't go in very easily at all and is a real pain to work with . Huge design flaw IMO . Bottom Line this is a fantastic little laptop , hiccup and all . I mean , I wouldn't use this as my one and only computer . But as a portable solution , this is about as good as I imagined something like this could be . LOVE how it easily transforms from a laptop to a tablet . LOVE window 8 in this touchscreen environment . And LOVE the combination of portability and power . This is the future of tablet and laptop right here , and both Android and io have something to be seriously worried about . The Goliath is back in the room , and it's called Microsoft . And now with touchscreen laptop creeping into the market , they're in prime position to keep their grasp on the market . As far as the hiccup , I'm sure asu will fix them over time , but for now , it's not a totally problem free experience . Overall , this is a solid little laptop , and minus the glitche , it work as good as my budget Toshiba Win 7 i3 laptop . This is ideal for a life on the go ; be it travel , work or fun . I'm very impressed with this little guy , and excited to see where this is all going . Quite impressive , even with the few glitche . 
  Amazing product for the price . it has fully window 8 . 1 so all standard window app work . it has a full license of office home & student included , so you have everything you may need to became full functional as soon as you open the box . the mechanism to detach the screen is very simple one button and to attach , it Feel also simple and durable . the screen working as a tablet is an excellent size/weight , and in notebook mode it Feel as if it were a regular notebook . Battery last long , several hour , and having amicro USB charger is great as it can be used also for the phone . Some review stated that it takes longer to charge , I haven't noticed anything too long . Regarding quality , I think is perfect for the price . it's made of plastic , but it Feel durable anyway . The two thing that are not so good are he keyboard , that work perfectly but Feel a little bit cheap . And the trackpad has a little noise sound when you press the button , but you get used quickly . I wouldn . t buy the 32GB version , as this 64gb is having 35GG free once you install everything including Office , Skype , and other minor app you want to run . with the 32GB you will need to buy additional memory soon . Overall amazing product for the price . Having the best of both world tablet and notebook in one device is really great ! 
  light , speedy , interface aplenty This is a marvelous machine & a fantastic value . Very glad I picked up the 64GB model before they went on back order . A Tip : If you create a Recovery 'Disk' to an 8GB USB flash drive , the recovery disk creation utility offer the option to delete the recovery partition from the 64GB eMMC flash drive , Which return 8GB of space to your use on the C : drive .  : 
  I purchased this system for personal use almost a month ago now and while there have been the occasional odd fluke come up , overall I have been very pleased with the unit . A couple of reason I'm going with a 4 star instead of a 5 star overall review : When docked and installing program , you still have to specify for the file to go to the 500GB D : drive the default C : drive is the tablet and if you don't see this initially , you'll end up like I did where all of a sudden you're out of room . Moving most of the file wasn't that big of a deal , fortunately , but it was an added annoyance initially . The on board mousepad is extremely jumpy it is constantly jumping , even in mid click , to the far outreache of the screen , usually the bottom left corner where your taskbar is by default which mean you're in the middle of clicking something and all of a sudden file start opening up instead , or you get swapped to the window 8 screen randomly because the icon gets clicked instead of the button on the webpage over which you were hovering when you actually clicked on it . The connection to the internet is a bit weird I'm listing this last because I'm still unable to figure out if this is an issue with the Unit or something my internet's side . Frequently when I return home with this computer , it register's the WiFi , but insists that I have the wrong product key even though I can see it and know that the passcode is correct . It will do this for several minute and refuse to connect to the internet , then all of a sudden it will be fine and just hook up . I know some other have had hook up issue as well , which is part of the reason that I'm unsure if it's the computer or my WiFi . Either way , time seems to fix the issue . So those are my only complaint : Watch your storage default is Tablet even when docked , flukey mousepad , occasionally malcontent internet connectionEven with those 3 item , I'm highly satisfied and very pleased with my purchase . This system has been great . Solid , durable . Perfect for my use both at home and on the run . League of Legends run fine . It stream like a champ . The audio is pretty solid especially for a machine of its size . Color is vivid . System is solidly designed and quick . A very solid purchase . I've got 3 kid under 4yr old . One of them knocked the computer off a side table onto the floor about a 3 foot drop within the first week of it getting here and you'd never know it was knocked down . Great job asu ! One of the selling point to me was the Drop and Water Damage insurance package as well , fortunately I've not had to use it so far and I hope to never have to but the fact that it was available is great , the durability it's already shown is even better . 
  My T100TA C1 GR came yesterday after 6pm . Having read the review both good and bad I knew I needed to let it fully charge . I unpacked the tablet , charger & cord plugged it in but did not turn it on . I meanwhile went to my other computer and went to the asu web site . I downloaded all the driver on their site for this device and stored them on a micro sd card . Once that was done I popped the card into the charging device and didn't touch it again until I woke up in the morning . Then I held my breath and turned the thing on to find out what would happen . It booted up fine though like all initial window set up for a new machine/install it took a bit . I answered all the question and waited while window Update did its' thing . 19 Update later and two reboot later I checked to see if the app I wanted to run worked the way I liked . Once I was satisfied that everything was working ok I entered the activation code for the Microsoft Home Office & Student 2013 software . I hooked up my Canon all in one printer without any issue . The computer tablet thing spotted it on my network without any issue I downloaded Chrome so I wouldn't have to use IE unless I wanted to . The only glitch I have encountered is that when I go to Zynga . com I can't play Farmville 2 . I can play CoasterVille but not Farmville 2 . I enjoy both game so I'll keep plugging at that issue & update this review if I manage to resolve it ! So far after only a few short hour of fiddling I really like this little thing ! I had an iPad for several year & it never lived up to what I wanted to do with it but then ever since my Dad introduced me to our first IBM PC XT back in 1988 with its 8 megabyte hard drive & 5 inch floppie my favorite thing to do with a PC has always been the word processor . I was never ever able to happily pound away at a word processor on my iPad and easily transfer the resulting file between device . page just lacked too much to be useful & getting a file I was working on on and off the iPad was a nightmare . I love all the cloud storage this device comes with . If this thing conks out on me at a future point I'll definitely let you know but so far its great ! I highly recommend to anyone who is comfortable working with window software . UPDATE : After doing some digging I've learned that Farmville 2 is hopeless with window 8 . 1 . It is a Zynga issue not an issue unique to this device . I can play Coasterville without issue so I will wait for the Zynga fix for Farmville 2 . I've managed to drain the battery completely without using it so I will make more of an effort to do the shut down process when I won't be using it for several hour . Overall I still like it . 
  Amazing device . How to call it ? Laplet , I guess would be the correct term . It can be your tablet or your laptop , depending on your need . Light , but with the power of any other laptop , good ip screen , full m Office included . It is a steal . Very happy . Gonna be my travel companion . asu just posted a newest bio on their support website , version 220 . Make sure you flash it . 
  I'll make this short and sweet . This window tablet make you truly realize what Microsoft was trying to accomplish with window 8 . I can do everything a real PC can do and have the portability and battery to make it through the day . Lastly this thing allows me to do what no tablet has done before .  .  .  . play world of warrant on the go zero lag at 30fp with the graphic set at fair to medium . Enough said ! 
  I've now had it all week and have used the crap out of it . Its a nice picture , Win 8 . 1 not RT , and Office ! could it be a little thinner .  .  . sure . A little faster .  .  . maybe , but it IS in fact quick ! At a 3rd of the price of the Surface 2 Pro .  .  . this is great . I've done all download and added a handful of program . I've yet to experience a single negative aspect of it . 
  Excellent device . Great battery life , light weight , fast performance , and best of all , very affordable . My only complaint is that it use the z3740 processor , which has lower clock speed than the Atom z3770 . Still performance has never been a problem in daily use . 
  Bought this just a few day ago and really like it . I had an eee pc which was super slow . I can open 4 window in Firefox and use excel and word at the same time . Even though it only has 2 GB of memory it use the drive VM so I do not notice any problem . I paired this with a PowerGen 4 . 2Amps / 20W Dual USB Car charger Designed for Apple and Android device , PortaPow Specialized 5ft 24AWG Charge Only Micro USB Cable , Satechi 3 Port Portable USB 3 . 0 Hub and Ethernet LAN Network Adapter for window , Mac , and Linux and SanDisk SDSDQUA 064G U46A Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS 1 Memory Card 30MB/ with Adapter . So far everything is working great and the charger will charge while I use the computer in the car . No problem so far and I love how you can pop off the screen and use it like an tablet or e reader . I use Calibre to read on the pc . I do wish they had a version with a little more memory , couple more USB port and a Ethernet plug . But I found an adapter that has 3 USB 3 port and Ethernet . I hope I can get a few buck for my old eee pc . 
  Great product especially it includes window 8 . 1 and m Office Student 2013 and a keyboard . As a tablet it is a nice size and lightweight . The screen resolution is fine even though it is not full HD . I had no problem setting it up as I have been a user of window 8 . If you are new to window 8 then you will have to go online and lookup instruction on how to use the operating software as there is no instruction manual included other than a two page startup guide . Be sure to fully charge the unit prior to use as stated in the startup guide and on the blog and you should have no problem getting started . Right away there were some Update that had started including some window 8 . 1 Update but all went well . What was really nice is window 8 automatically Sync your app and setting if you already have a PC running window 8 so that made it very painless . Response time is pretty quick and running app is fast . Clip on the keyboard and you have a Notebook PC . This is a real buy as I got it on Amazon for 349 . 
  I was skeptical of a window 8 tablet since I was mainly an android and io user but after using this , window 8 tablet have become my main tablet . The new bio update :  .  .  . fixed many of my issue so I highly suggest updating the bio . 
  Great battery life , can run some basic game , stream HD video great although it downscales to 720 . The product is great for the price
  A sign of thing to come . For price at the moment nothing out there can beat it ! Can't wait for LTE Baytrail tablet to come out . Wife IPad 2 user gave my mini to her after using this heavily for week . Pro . Great battery life . Full window productivity , keyboard at this price , and does all my consumer entertainment easily with one product . Excited for next gen product . USB 3 with keyboard attached only Micro storage slot . Surprising sound with this form factor and price . Keyboard useable . WiFi use and LTE tethering without issue . Not gaming format but play a lot of older game without issue . Neg . Keyboard not great , track pad poor but for this price still more on the plus side . Charge time slow and through micro USB only . Lack of program in comparison to Android and IPad , but thing will be changing there after this . window battery monitoring still sucks for user versus competitor . Light on main storage go 64 , wish had more . window button weird spot . Micro SD card stick out too far . Awkward positioning with keyboard but nit picking here . Front camera only . Glossy plastic finger print magnet . Not 5 star for many but for now Hit sweet spot for tech and use for me . Even wife took notice . I backed up system on Flash Drive and deleted recovery partition for extra 8gb hd space . 
  Worked fine for a little over a week then it went through a window o system update on version 8 . 1 and it couldn't load operating system anymore . Called asu tech support and attempted to resolve . They had me try to fix the o , reset the o and restore the o . Nothing worked . I sent it in to asu for an RMA repair on Nov 24th . I've called asu 3 time regarding the status of the RMA return and am having trouble getting an answer as to when the laptop will be returned . I even tried the asu online RMA inquiry form , but it can't find my RMA return . If you have this problem I would try to send it back to Amazon for a replacement V . attempting to have asu fix it . You may also want to wait until they get the bug worked out of window 8 on this laptop before you decide to buy it . Update RMA broke !  : Received the RMA laptop from asu on Dec 6th with the window o completely re installed . I asked them if they installed the window 8 . 1 Update that locked up the computer and he informed me they just re installed the factory window o configuration without the additional update . I asked him what I was supposed to do when the window update rolled out and locked up the computer again . He said it would not happen again . As a web developer I was skeptical . On Dec 10th the asu laptop performed the window update and again WILL NOT boot into the window o ; I only get the asu logo on the screen . I performed a system restore to reset the laptop back to the Dec 6th configuration and it is still locked up . This is either an issue with the asu T100 tablet itself or the window 8 . 1 o . I am considering downloading a window 8 . 1 ISO and installing my own version of the window o without the asu version of the window o . However , I'm not sure if this will void my warranty and I don't want to be stuck with an unusable laptop . 
  UPDATE : The WiFi is still terrible in the second unit , getting a refund this time . I'm currently waiting on a replacement from Amazon , it loses one star because mine came with a wobbly dock I looked at review video on YouTube , that isn't the norm , and my WiFi wouldn't connect sputtered between 2 and 5 bar , while my old laptop sat next to it with 5 . On to the good stuff : I was looking for a light weight machine that I could write and compile code on , using full window , and this definitely fit the bill . The other machine I was looking at was the Dell Venue 11 Pro , but in the end it would be twice as expensive for the Atom model with keyboard dock & stylus , and I didn't think I needed an active stylus that badly . I'm impressed by this generation's Atom processor , everything was very snappy when navigating window 8 . 1 . I was able to compile and run Game Maker Studio project about as quickly as on my i7 laptop they're for mobile&web ; platform , but still . I honestly don't expect anyone to be using window RT by this time next year , when you can get this level of performance and battery life on a processor that support full window . The keyboard may be small , but it's a perfect layout . I've had worse experience with 13 laptop , everything was where my hand expected it to be . The touchpad could be a little more responsive , but you'll quickly feel like touching the screen most of the time anyway . As other had mentioned , it doesn't charge especially fast , but on the other hand the charger weighs next to nothing I think that was the trade off . 
  I would like to preface this review by stating I have never actually been able to use this product . I have now order two of the asu Transformer book with window 8 . 1 . Both of them have been defective and unable to turn on . I purchased this product because of the high review . I am sure most of those who received this product and were actually able to turn it on are pleased . I was very excited when I received my first unit . I carefully removed it from it's packaging and followed the very simple instruction on how to start the Transformer book up for the first time . The instruction recommend waiting at least 8 hour before using in battery mode . This was okay as I had it plugged in and wasn't going out any time soon , I just wanted to get the initial setup complete . However , the only reaction from the device was an orange blinking light . There was no response from the power button . turn out after calling asu , the orange blinking light is a battery malfunction indicator and the product would have to be sent in for repair . I promptly returned it to amazon and had a replacement shipped . Within two day the new asu Transformer Book had arrived . Once again I could hardly contain my excitement . The device look and Feel great , and I couldn't wait to use it !  ! Once again I followed the instruction which are very simple . plug device into keyboard , plug power cord into adapter , plug power cord into tablet , plug into power outlet , turn on This time the light remained solid orange !  !  ! The device was successfully charging and in no time I would begin the initial setup . I let it charge for a few minute before attempting to turn it on . As I pressed the power button I heard a small click . The next thing I know the power button is recessed into the tablet , and doesn't pop back out and the orange charging light turn off . The power button was stuck , and the asu transformer book , much like the first unit I received , is now an expensive paper weight . I was devastated . I called asu , and was told the only thing they could do is have me send it to them for repair , but I should expect to wait for 3 week or so . I am beginning to grow impatient and do not want to wait that long . I once again file with Amazon for replacement , only this time Amazon is out of stock . I still want the device !  !  ! I really do , the third time is supposed to be the charm . I even purchased a nice case for it . However , I want it for the original price I paid for it at 350 . 00 for the 64 GB unit . Now it is upward of 400 , and not shipped through Amazon . I will try to contact Amazon to check if there is anything they can do . Overall I am extremely disappointed with my experience so far , but am willing to give it one more shot . At 350 , if this device can actually do what it says , then the asu Transformer Book is an amazing deal . However , I'm beginning to think that this is possibly a deal that is too good to be true .  .  . 
  Like so many of the other 1 star reviewer , I thought that the complaint were overblown . Computershopper . com had given this asu Transformer Book T100 a stellar rating , and it seemed to have everything I could want preinstalled Office , convertibility to a tablet , minimal bloatware , attractive price .  .  . surely those people complaining about it just got the few lemon , or were the type to whine about anything . After 4 day with this computer , I am sending it back to Amazon and taking the hit of shipping cost . By the second day of trying to get this machine to work , I sounded like an abused spouse justifying its poor behavior I can fix it if I try harder , once it's installed everything it won't break down again , I shouldn't have pushed it so hard by installing that program , hardly any computer nowadays work well right out of the box , when it does work it's a lot of fun , etc . I've finally come to my sense and stopped with the excuse . Now , some of the thing it failed to do correctly : 1 start up at least 3 time , it tried to install Update for what , I don't know shouldn't it have gotten everything on the first round of Update ? Again , it had been 4 day of use ! and it knocked itself out . At those point , it took up to 20 attempt of restarting to get it going , and all the while it was offering to fix the problem through deleting all added file & program . I can't imagine having to upload my document over and over on a daily or weekly basis . 2 shut down sometimes it ignored all attempt to turn it off , including the brute force hitting of the power button . 3 read externally linked device it completely failed to recognize my Kindle when I hooked them together by USB . I went out and bought a new cord from the Microsoft store maybe it just need a USB 3 adaptor instead of my old USB 2 and that got me to the point where it would recognize the Kindle for ~2 minute , then conk out . 4 recognize touch screen command sometimes it liked the hand , and sometimes it liked the stylus , but sometimes it didn't like anything . 5 recognize keyboard command again , sometimes the mouse and pointer key were acceptable , and other time they were not . This is the first truly negative review I have written for Amazon , as far as I recall , and it has nothing to do with Amazon's end of the deal . This particular computer is simply not functional . I desperately needed a new laptop , as I am going on a business trip in less than 2 week , and my current computer is old and cannot handle wireless anymore . Now , because of the time crunch , I have ordered a Dell to be express shipped from Best Buy , so that I can have it for a day or two before the trip and get everything onto it . I made the mistake of pooh poohing the negative review , because the price was so attractive and because I gave too much weight to the positive review . Now I have to look at it this way : if I can't turn on the computer , what good is the free Office suite that it came with , which I can't access ? How it is saving money to get something that doesn't do the job ? 
  Let preface this by stating I am OCD when it comes to my electronic . I notice EVERYTHING . So let's start with .  .  . THE BAD : It's no surprise that at this price point , there would be some minor defect . I ended up returning one maybe two .  .  . not gonna lie before I was satisfied . The first one had a pimple formed in the plastic casing of the tablet , which is fine .  .  . it's cosmetic . But then I attached the dock and the trackpad was doing all sort of crazy thing that I could not fix , regardless of the setting , so I sent it back . I was not sure about a window tablet anyway .  .  . I am really an Apple person . A few week later , Amazon offered it 30 cheaper ! This enticed me to try it again . It arrived with no blemish on the casing and no trackpad issue . HOWEVER , there is a noticeable light bleed that appears near the right bracket where the docking station connects . I believe this to be a design flaw , but it's not really that annoying , unless it's going to distract you while watching a movie in the dark with the black bar on top and bottom . I confirmed this by viewing another unit , which exhibited the exact same screen irregularity . Other negative include : I'm having difficulty getting the micro SD card reader to read my class 10 card and it seems this is a shared experience . It only likes certain card manufacturer so do your research . It's a fingerprint MAGNET , so keep a microfiber cloth handy Get a case , because the polished plastic casing on this scratche like no one's business As review have stated , the screen is not the best obviously , from what I said about the light bleed that comes standard with each , but I feel that it does the job JUST FINE . It's clear and pleasant to view . Could the contrast be better ? YE . Could it be brighter for better viewing in bright area and less glare ? YE . Are you going to absolutely hate it ? No .  .  . it's no retina display , but it's much sharper than the display on the first iPad Mini or 1st gen iPad . You are not going to find a 10 inch tablet at this price point . Would you rather a great processor with a good screen ? Or a second rate processor with a super 1080P screen at a higher price point ? Pick your battle , bargain shopper . THE GOOD : This . Thing . Is . FAST ! So smooth switching through menu and such a pleasure to navigate . FULL window 8 . 1 !  !  ! I love the versatility of being able to use the new interface , while also being able to go back to the window we are all familiar with . Microsoft Office !  !  ! You get the full office program that you need for school : m Word , m Excel , and m PowerPoint . What a great value for someone getting this for their student or just the average user . And recently , I started using OneNote and it is a TOTAL JOY with this tablet . I hold it like a clipboard and write my note during management meeting . Everyone asks me what I'm using . It's so effortless . I love it . It transfer through the cloud to my office computer so I can share the meeting note with my staff . The tablet is excellent for this purpose . Accurate touch response on what I understand is Gorilla Glass so it's scratch resistant as well Dock I don't know know why some reviewer state the dock is cheap and uncomfortable to use . I find that it Feel solid , responsive , and easy to type and I'm actually a typist . My hand are also above average size . The screen is still considered HD it's not 1080P , but it is 720P and even with the slightly annoying light bleed , none of the three unit I tested we'll go with that had a single dead or stuck pixel . That's saying A LOT . I have seen MUCH MORE expensive tablet plagued with dead pixel issue and/or dust trapped under the screen . prop to asu for that ! Why buy this ? You're a student on a budget perfect OR you're a guy like me who wanted a cheaper 10 tablet that was great for FULL ON , unrestricted web browsing remember that Android and Apple don't do flash . That was my intention initially , but what I GOT was more than I anticipated . I use it for taking note during meeting at work , for some light gaming , and I use the BING app constantly to read news , etc . check out the health app with the 3d human body it's awesome . Despite some minor improvement that could be made , you cannot go wrong with this as an entry level window tablet . It's a much more cost effective alternative to the 500 tablet out there that can't do half what this does . 
  I bought this at Best Buy considerably cheaper , so my first piece of advice would be to check there before ordering through Amazon I would not have paid nor is it worth more than the 349 I paid for it . I decided to try out the idea of a transformer after my less than 2 year old laptop broke one of the screen clip broke completely off and I was given a 200 quote to get it fixed , so I figured I might as well get a new computer and didn't want to have to deal with that again . The idea of the transformer took care of that , so I decided to branch out and give it a shot . GENERAL : I spend a lot of time uploading/editing photo , and this computer just isn't practical for that . With only the 2GB memory , just adding 40 picture temporarily to my download folder between editing and transferring to my flash drive slows the computer down to the point that I can't even edit the picture I use online editing software , so that's not what's slowing it down . GENERAL : I'm someone who keeps everything stored on a flash drive , and I've also never been a fan of the laptop mouse , so I always have a traditional USB mouse plugged in . With this computer , I can't have the mouse and flash drive plugged in at the same time since there is only 1 USB port , which make editing photo and saving anything to the flash drive that much harder . GENERAL : I really don't see the point in having a touch screen when it's being used in the form of a laptop with the keyboard connected . Probably my favorite feature is the ability to go back and forth between tablet/laptop form , and the touch screen does respond well . However , it is almost too big to be used as a tablet in my opinion . It is heavy and hard to hold with one hand . GENERAL : Because of the small size of the computer itself , I find it hard to type on the keyboard . Some of the key are in different place than what I'm used to , and it's hard to type using the home row key if that's what you're used to . It can be done , but not without looking at the keyboard while you type or doing a lot of deleting . CON : I'm sure this can be switched out with another cord , but the USB charger cord it comes with is WAY too short . My outlet and the arm of my couch is only an end table's distance apart and the cord barely reaches . PRO : Battery life does seem to last about 8 hour . PRO : This thing has AMAZING sound quality and Speaker ! I decided to return it to Best Buy after a little more than a week , for a few reason . 1 It just wasn't practical for what I need a computer for . 2 I was having a LOT of issue getting it to turn on and off pushing the power button and nothing would happen . It took several trie to get it to turn on . That was frustrating enough for me not to want to deal with it that's not what I paid 350 for . Overall , based on the review which is part of the reason I chose to buy this computer to begin with and the guy at Best Buy backing them up they were surprised to see it getting returned , but agreed that the powering on/off issue was probably a defect , I would still recommend this computer if it is not your ONLY/MAIN computer . I can see it being nice for travel and it is very convenient to have around in term of how portable it is . It was also a good music source . I just don't think it's very practical for everyday use , even for people like me who use their laptop for simple thing like surfing the web and Facebook . 
  Edit added 2/27/2014 After using this 2 in 1 for about 3 month , I have a high level of frustration with the touch pad . It is VERY difficult to use left and right click without moving the mouse at the same time . I have written to asu about the touch pad and the reply was that is the design . The touch pad design make this machine far more difficult to use in keyboard mode than any other of the many laptop I have experienced . If asu would fix the dumb design of the touch pad , this 2 in 1 would indeed be a great machine . I reduced my rating from 4 to 3 star . It would be 5 star with a good touch pad .       Great 10 machine , fantastic at the Amazon price mine was 349 . I don't understand why some of the reviewer have negative comment about Window' 8/8 . 1 this review the PC not window . I have been using this PC for a few day . It has completely replaced a 10 NoteBook , an iPad 1 and a Kindle Keyboard . This PC does all those function really well . I won't repeat the comment many other have made . I am really happy with this purchase . Two feature need improvement . The right shift key is difficult for me I am a hunt and peck typist , and I frequently mistakenly hit the Enter key . The touch pad is hard to use for me . The mouse move when the click area is touched . It is really hard to position the mouse on a small target and keep it there while I click . Using a Logitech mouse work very well . I disabled most of the asu Smart Gesture option . The touch screen work very well , much better than the iPad 1 I was using . I prefer a stylus over my finger . Having almost every action available as a touch or as a click is really flexible . Bottom line a wonderful , small , portable , multi purpose device . And the fact that it run window 8 . 1 , making it totally compatible with my desktop is just plain terrific . After struggling with an iPad and a window desktop for almost 2 year , this PC allows me to forget the frustration of trying to use an Apple tablet with a window PC . I made an excellent decision to buy this PC , and I'm planning to get a second one for my wife . Buy it , you will like it . 
  Most of this has been said many time over . It is an incredible value . I had an Acer W510 and this is much faster . I miss the window button on the front bezel and never use that one under the volume button . And the keyboard leaves much to be desired . I have had MANY Android tablet , but for the money nothing comes close to this in power and feature . One thing I have to say though is that my keyboard wobbles on the desktop when I type . It is clearly not flat when it is full open . So i spent the 12 to ship it back to asu for repair or replacement . However their response was that while it did wobble , they checked this on 5 other keyboard and they all did it . So it is working as designed . While it is safe to say it is working as built , I seriously doubt it was designed to not sit flat . I just got it back in the mail and it certainly is no different than when I sent it . So I guess I'm going to take a file to the back right foot to get it level . 
  It's not a supercomputer , but that's not what I payed for . It's tiny and compact , and really neat . Startup time is great , so is battery life . 
  Loving the hell out of this little tablet . It's doing just about everything I need it to do . And with the Turbo boost that it come with I can play some relatively gorgeous looking game on it . The only downfall about it is that the tablet only comes with 64GB and Though a ton of it can be freed up if you insert a memory card that you can put all your picture and video and music on that can fill up quickly depending on what you install onto your laptop . A lot of it is bloatware but you can free up around 10GB of bloatware that comes on it .  . Another downfall of it is the screen brightness . It can be fixed with a patch made later on in the near future to allow the screen to become a little bright because I'm sure the technology for it to become brighter is definitely there . It's quick to boot . Even though it's built like a laptop first and tablet second , it's function as a tablet beautifully . The reading mode that asu was so kind to include allows for late night reading as was as reading for extended period of time . The battery life is extremely long as well as the fact that since it can be charged by any normal Android Charger , that you'll be able to go through the whole day on a single charge and if needed , you'll most likely have one close by . Pro : Wonderful BatteryGood for Minor gaming for it has 3 . 0 USBMini HDMI port for connecting to your TV or a bigger screenInexpensive compared to the Surface 2 and IpadQuick , Snappy and good for everyday useCon : It's a bit top heavy so if you have the tablet connected to the keyboard dock and slightly tip it forward , the tablet will mostly fall on it's back for the tablet itself is just a smidgen heavierScreen could stand be brighterKeyboard is slightly cramped and has a learning curve , but if you type fast on a regular keyboard then there isn't going to be much of a problem I am typing this on the tablet as we speak The Track pad can be irresponsive at time Wireless mouse can totally fix this easily Overall I'd give this tablet a 4 . 3 out of 5 . Minor issue that aren't too annoying and it's cheap as well costing at about 400 for the 64GB model . 
  Pro : It has a full window 8 system so I can use all my legacy program and thing like Adobe work great . I am using this to basically replace my laptop . The tablet work like a dream and the keyboard is a god send . There's no lag even when I run upto 5 app at once . The snap feature is So Awesome . The reboot time is maybe 30 second . I am using the tablet as a netbook and I can get all my work done and have fun all at once . It's light and portable . The battery life is great . It is such a great tablet for productivity and for fun ! I love it ! Con : There are two reason I didn't give it the full 5 star the keyboard mousepad is not the best . it is unresponsive at time and is super loud when it does work . The other reason is that the battery drains considerably on sleep mode . It's ridiculous . I can watch hour of netflix and be on facebook and work on paper and google thing and it takes maybe 5% battery away . I leave it on sleep mode for a few hour and nearly 20 30% battery is gone ! Not sure why this is . Also , battery recharge takes a long time , but if you sleep a few hour every night and don't mind plugging in the charger , you should be fine . Another issue with the asu T100 is that the tablet is a fingerprint magnet . And I have looked for cover that might work well in this instance and haven't yet found one that would let me do everything I need with my tablet without being awkward . Overall , great price for a great product . I am satisfied and would definitely recommend this product to other ! 
  Pro : Battery life is better than I expected Scrolling and dragging thing around is smooth , making the touchscreen a pleasure to use . Light weight Included keyboard dock fit well USB OTG adapter No hardware or software glitche so farCons : Nearly half the storage is unavailable . About 35 GB free space when new Included charge cord is too shortConclusion : It is a great little piece of hardware at a bargain price . There are some shortcoming , but nothing critical . I would definitely recommend this 2 in 1 tablet/laptop to other . 
  So , I spent a lot of time looking at various window 8 tablet . The big requirement was that it be the full version of window 8 , not the RT . As I looked , I researched a bit on the new Bay Trail processor that are found in these tablet . From the review I read , they seemed to be a fairly good option for the casual user . I must confess , I was very hesitant to buy this tablet at first because I was worried about having a slow processor . I had just upgraded my processor in my desktop purely because of my dissatisfaction with a slower processer which was still more than enough for what I normally do with it . I just like to have the newest and the best . anyway , as I looked around , I realized that at the price point I was looking , there were really only three viable competitor depending on the price I could get . My option narrowed down to the asu T100 , the HP Omni 10 , and the Dell Venue 11 . Both the HP and Dell had a slightly faster processor , along with the 1080p screen . However , unlike the T100 , neither came with the keyboard dock and both were a little more expensive . I had originally discounted the importance of the keyboard dock . After all , how could it be any good at this price point ? In the end , I sold my previous laptop , a bulky machine and decided to turn around and buy a laptop . A couple thing made me bite the bullet and choose the T100 . First , the processor was only one step below the other two , I figured id be fine considering i'm only using it for school . Also , my laptop had the same resolution as this tablet , and it was fine on a 15 . 6 screen , so I figured that being so much smaller , I really didn't stand to gain much going for the higher resolution . When I sat down to buy the tablet , I was going to get the 64 gb version and get a micro sd card for it at 64 gb as well . Well , during the checkout process , I realized that for 15 dollar more , I could sacrifice some internal storage down to a 32 gb , but get a 500 gb hard drive built in to the hard drive . That seemed like a steal , so I decided to pull the trigger and just get it . With four dollar overnight shipping finally FedEx got it to me when I asked for it , I was ready to use it the next day . I plugged it in like it asked and got impatient , so I started the set up while it was plugged in so as to avoid the problem I read about from not charging . turn out I had 100% battery within 30 minute . surprising . lol . The first thing I noticed setting it up is the build quality . Everything use a plastic , however , it all Feel sturdy . I have no flex in the keyboard , and the Chiclet key are easy to type on . I am writing this review on the keyboard a day or two after I got it . I will admit , the shift key is a little small , but otherwise Im almost used to it already . It isn't that hard to type on . The trackpad I feel could use a little work , but for its size and what I was expecting , im fairly impressed . There is the initial lag when you have to turn it on again , but that is minimal and you get used to it . Once the tablet was actually set up , I have used it for everything . The screen quality is great ! With it on my lap , I notice no pixel or anything and everything is very crisp and clear with great color and is very satisfying to use . Its clear and really doesn't take away from any of the experience . With the Bay Trail processor , I rarely get hung up on anything . It handles everything ive thrown at it . In the last hour and 20 minute , ive been surfing the web and writing paper on Microsoft word , and ive used about 17% battery so far . Plenty for a full school day . Im also listening to my music collection from the 500 gb hard drive , and going into a stat class with SPSS statistic program installed and ready to go . Also , some random guy just said it look cool and asked to hold it to see how light it is , literally while I was writing this paragraph . Im pretty much a celebrity now . anyway , its awesome . Light , cheap , fast , and has plenty to offer for a casual user who desire the portability of a netbook but the productivity of a normal window laptop . Especially for the price , I highly recommend this thing ! 
  I have had this machine for 5 week . It's a cute little thing and it worked for the first 4 week . But now the battery won't charge , even when it's plugged in and turned completely off . The wireless connection has been flaky frequently says it can't get to the internet and then suddenly can get to the internet with no change and the keyboard is flukey also . I want to return it , but of course it's been more than 30 day ! 
  I got this laptop based on the review . I am completely satisfied with this product ! I am a full time college student that really needed something affordable , reliable , reasonably sized , and practical . This laptop comes with FULL Microsoft Office , not just the trial . and it is very light , I carry it in my purse . Although i would strongly recommend getting a case and screen protector for it . I bought the 64gb one and it is very well worth the money . I use it everyday and for everything . Whether it be for internet browsing , or homework , or even movie streaming . 2 thumb up ! 
  After listening to the click of death in my previous laptop , I finally decided to take the plunge and pick up a T100 . I wanted one because 1 they are light and 2 they transform into a tablet . I actually downgraded from a pretty heavy duty laptop as I wanted something that would be much easier to travel with . This fit the bill perfectly . I got the 64GB solid state drive version and at this price , it'd be hard to do any better , especially considering the fact that with a micro SD card , you can double the HD space for around 50 . I would also recommend picking up an external HD and a USB hub . This is due to the fact that the base only has a single USB port . I actually picked up a mouse as well . After adding these thing , I've got the perfect tablet for on the go and the perfect laptop for when I'm home working . Total damage including laptop was around 480 . It'll be less if you have some of the thing mentioned above , but I'd definitely recommend having them as they really increase the T100's attribute . I've hard that some people have issue with the keyboard , I haven't noticed anything wrong with the setup and I consider myself to have relatively large hand with something I call dumb finger syndrome . A couple of my personal minor complaint are that the shift key is a bit small , it takes a minute to get used to hitting the right shift key as it's a bit out of place and smaller than a normal keyboard .  .  . obviously . Also , the microphone in this thing is absolutely terrible . Once again , not an issue as I just bought a pair of SkullCandy for like 20 which included a mic and this fixed the problem . It didn't matter as I needed something for when I was in public anyway , but it should be noted that almost everybody has issue with the mic on this thing . But at the price point , you can't have it all . The mic with the SkullCandy actually make Skype call really crystal clear and much better than on my previous laptop . I've noticed that the WiFi is actually much more stable with whatever this thing has to connect to it . I have no idea why , but my old laptop would constantly connect and disconnect and this one never does . I was surprised at how much I like the Windows' window I have no idea what to call the tile on the tablet . They're really easy to use and make it so I can just glance at it and know if I have any email , missed call , FB post , LinkedIn whatever , etc . I'm reminded of that commercial where the guy with the window phone is skydiving and quickly check his phone for his Update . It really is like that and I actually prefer the setup to the iPad . Overall , I've been able to run everything I need to , including Adobe P and Premiere , as long as I save the file to my external hard drive . I also tested it with Fallout 3 , work reasonably well after twenty minute of play , though I've hard that it can get bad towards the end of the game due to the scale of the Fallout world . Not bad though , considering I'm playing on a 400 tablet . Camera work well for Skype and charging really isn't an issue for me . Office software is smooth as is YouTube video . I actually don't even keep that much music or video on my computer anyway as I like to stream video with Amazon Prime and listen to music with Spotify . Really isn't an issue unless I'm somewhere that doesn't have WiFi aka poor people place . I usually don't bring my tablet to those type of place anyway . I'm actually quite surprised at the power of the ATOM sp ? processor as it really seems to be better than the previous generation . You don't really need to let it charge for 8 hour , you just have to keep it plugged in until it's fully charged the first time . You can start it up right away as long as you keep it plugged in . I'll post again if something goes horribly wrong with it , but so far so good . I really couldn't be happier with this thing and it really seems like it was built to last . 
  I need to lead with the negative . With my T100 the Broadcom wireless driver that window update suggested I update to through window update Borked the tablet . It took me awhile to figure out that they were the problem as there were a fair number of other Update . In the end it took 7 restores , one refresh and lot of sleuthing about 8hr in total to determine that it was the update to the Broadcom wireless driver that kept destroying the window install . The touch screen would lose operability , I'd get BSoD on reboot and sometimes it would just lock up completely . I was able to restore each time , but after I left the driver alone with no update , it has been working PERFECTLY since then . So my suggestion is , do NOT attempt to update the Broadcom wireless driver THROUGH window UPDATE . I say that because today I ran in to another Broadcom driver issue . The wireless adapter comes defaulted to 20mhz/65mbp mode . I enabled 40mhz/150mbp mode . It would keep losing an effective network connection after 3 5 minute . After checking , asu has newer Broadcom driver on their website . I downloaded it and had to manually select the driver no install package for them . The installed driver has a signed date of October , the asu website says that the driver on their site I think are November signed , after manually updating window claim that the driver are older and from September despite what asu website claim . HOWEVER , the wireless adapter now work in 40mhz/150mbp mode without dropping the connection every few minute requiring a restart . Weirdly the network status claim it is only connected at 24mbp I've verified 150Mbp connection speed as SMB transfer from my file server chug along between 6 8 . 5MB/sec , about 67Mbp on the high end , compared to 3 5 . 5MB/sec in 20mhz/65mbp mode . So the wireless in the tablet is bonkers . I think I blame mostly Broadcom on this one , but asu should have also done better validation of the hardware they were installing in these tablet . Mine is a fairly early one , Warehouse deal from around 11/25 , so it is probably some of the earliest hardware . It could be asu changed to a different revision of the same Broadcom wireless adapter , or maybe better quality control . Either way , BEWARE when you are setting it up for the first time . So the negative out of the way . After getting the wireless issue fixed , it has been problem free and working GREAT . YE , it is only a 768p screen , but the quality is rather good . Decent viewing angle , decent saturation , bright enough and I don't notice significant glare I'd rate it roughly on par , glare wise , as my iPad 2 , but overall better DPI , almost as good viewing angle , better contrast and maybe slightly better saturation . The atom processor in the tablet is overall pretty snappy and I don't find any real issue with the eMMC in the tablet for speed . The card slot seems limited to around 20 25MB/sec only , sadly , but it may be worth getting a fast micro SD card for it anyway , as you have better small file transfer performance , even if you can't get all of the sequential speed goodness I got a 32GB Sandisk Extreme to go with the tablet on sale from Amazon . It Hit ~80MB/sec Read and 55MB/sec writes through my desktop's USB 3 . 0 reader , but only around 25MB/sec read and writes in the T100 , but small file performance is pretty close between the my USB3 . 0 card reader and the internal T100 card slot . The dock is pretty good . I have average sized hand for a man 6'1 , so bigger than average for most men . I don't have any real problem typing on it . Sure , it is small , its a 10 . 1 tablet dock . I wouldn't want to write a 20 page paper on it , but I can manage at least 80% of my typing speed that I can on my 14 laptop or desktop's full sized keyboard . The key travel is nice , it isn't a loud keyboard . The trackpad is nicer than I was lead to believe . No , it isn't great , YE it is small . I don't really have any issue with it losing track and it generally registers click 90 % of the time . Overall , for the price the T100 is awesome . Sadly stock of it seems low right now with few having it , especially the 64GB model . I can't help wondering what asu could have done with another 100 on the price tag . z3770 processor , 900 or 1080p screen and 3/4GB of RAM ? Maybe slightly better build quality and better/faster wireless ? Maybe next year . At any rate , the T100 is well worth its price . 
  I like this device enough that it prompted me to write a review for my fellow shopper to make an informed decision . I'm not going to go over the Pro and Con as other reviewer are already posted , so have it at . What I'm going to share is my frustrated experience , but yet rewarding in the end . So I'm on my 3rd yeah you heard me right , 3rd tablet now and why you ask ? Well , the trouble began when I bought the initial one . It was the first edition of the production version which as firmware 212 . It has its own issue as widely reported on the internet . I went then to asu site and found a 214 version that promised to fix some issue . I went and download the firmware and using Winflash to update ; this is where the frustration comes . Within winflash , I kept receiving the Cannot allocate buffer error upon flashing . I later found out that there is another flashing utility within the bio itself called Easy Flash . Well off I went to download the bio to the USB drive and load it up into Easy Flash within the bio . Flash went fine , but the device never power on after that , it is now in the COMPLETE BRICKED state . OK , so I went online searching and some other reported bricking with same approach . I ended upFurther research , I read some guideline on how to proper flash using Easy Flash utility . One of them was using FAT32 USB stick . Fine , with the 2nd unit I exchanged in at the local store , I carefully formatted as suggested , and same result was a BRICK using Easy Flash . OK so fast forward to the 3rd one .  .  . this time I really evaluated my option and finally got it to flash using Winflash which in turn in call Easy Flash . The reason it worked because I skipped enabling Wifi and just signed in with local account . Then I removed the SDCard which I previously had it inserted while flashing using Easy Flash this time around and went smooth to 220 . After all of that , I now have a great tablet/netbook at hand which I used to replace my dead Nexus 7 . So lesson learned : Remove all the everything that is not needed to ensure and refresh to factory state before trying to flash . 
  Excellent device compact , lightweight , easy to use and very simple to dock/undock from the keyboard . This may not be the most powerful laptop , but it gets the job done and unless you are into 3d game or editing video , it is more than sufficient for everything needed on a daily basis . 
  I have been searching for month to find the perfect combination of functionality , size , weight , battery life and price in a tablet/laptop hybrid . I now know why the asu Transformer T100TA was a top selling Black Friday device . The tablet section is nicely constructed with an excellent screen . The keyboard has the best tactile feeling and layout of the hybrid I sampled . Performance is also exceptional with fast boot time , instant on , and power to run multiple simultaneous application side by side . The T100TA also includes Microsoft Office Home/Student which competes the package and transforms this into a very capable solution for professional and student that need functionality and portability for a fantastic price . 
  My Transformer Book arrived in mint condition and there hasn't been any problem so far . The instruction booklet says you need to charge the laptop for 8 hour before using it for the first time in battery mode . Just plug it in and leave it plugged in while you setup the computer for the first time . The power cord is short so you'll have to sit very close to the power outlet . Buying a USB extension cable is a good idea . It connected to my 5Ghz wireless network perfectly . It's a little fingerprint prone , but still very sexy and sleek . The tablet screen lock very securely into the keyboard dock and it's easy to unlock it from the keyboard dock too . I'm a power user so I only bought this hybrid netbook for portability reason . It will be great for traveling when I only need access to the internet and other light task . It comes with a Product Key for Office 2013 home/student version , so that's nice . The battery doesn't charge very fast , but it does have a long battery life once it is charged . It took maybe about 6 hour to charge to 100% battery and it last about 6 11 hour on battery depending on whether you're playing an intensive game or just browsing the web . The touchpad is average . It need to be a little more sensitive . I went into the control panel and played with the mouse setting , but that only helped a tiny bit . However , I will be using this with a USB mouse most of the time , so its ok . Because the touchpad isn't great I ended up using the touchscreen to maneuver around and the keyboard for typing . It has a touchscreen keyboard as well . My USB mouse worked great . The keyboard key are perfectly responsive . It's a small keyboard though , so the larger your hand are the more cramped you are going to feel . However , I got used to it very quickly and stopped missing key . The touchscreen is really responsive and precise about knowing which small area of the screen you touched on a tiny menu . This tablet has a full version of window 8 . 1 32 bit . So you can install any desktop program you want . The only program installed when you first boot are the typical window stuff , Office 2013 , and some asu program which are actually useful instead of bloatware . The only thing I uninstalled was asu WebStorage . I don't need that . It's very quick for a tablet PC , probably because of the SSD . Not recommended for heavy task , but still powerful at multi tasking lot of lighter task . It's got an Intel Atom CPU with 4 core . I was able to play game like Runescape and WoW on Low Detail without lag . There's a microUSB port , a microHDMI port , microSD card slot , and an earphone jack on the side of the tablet screen . There is a full sized USB3 . 0 port on the side of the keyboard dock . A microphone and webcam are built in to the tablet . I've tested them using Skype and they work fine . Just browsing the web , the tablet barely gave off any heat whatsoever . You do not want to work on this netbook for long hour . It's too small for lengthy work . You'd get a backache and an eyestrain . As a tablet , it's perfect for reading in bed for long hour . Buy an ethernet USB adapter if you want to plug an ethernet cord into it instead of using wifi . I'm surprised by the powerful Speaker on such a small netbook . They're awesome for music and video . I'm very impressed by this tablet . Despite it's low price , it doesn't feel cheap at all . I'd actually recommend it over the much more expensive Microsoft Surface Pro 2 . asu has a winner on their hand and they're definitely going to give Microsoft some serious competition with this affordable , but high quality hybrid tablet . 
  Nice little tablet good storage need bigger memory to run more app but good for what you need for work , like that office is included and keyboard is nice . 
  So far .  .  .  . I would say that this is the best thing I have purchased in a while . The ability to have a tablet and a very nice keyboard when you want , gives me the flexibility that I need when I travel . Plenty quick enough , keyboard has a great feel .  .  .  . and the price point is hard to beat . Great Buy
  Two year ago I was looking for a smaller computer to travel with and I came across asu at Staples an fell in love with it . I tried all the small computer and tablet out at Staples and asu out did them all but the price was way to high 599 . 99 . I'm so glad I waited I love this 2 1 set up but the new key broad is not so great but you get use to it , if not you can always use a different one with it . In the last year I bought four different tablet that had great review and I returned them with in three day . I love watching movie on asu from Netflix it work great better then my home HP desktop . So far I have had know problem like some have stated on here but I'm glad they posted about them just incase it could still happen to me . I'm getting use to Win 8 . 1 each day trying to fine all the setting to adjust thing to my liking . Like most thing you buy new you are told in the manual to not turn it on until you have fully charged it which is know big deal . The battery life is unreal !  ! I used it most of the day adjust setting , checking e mail , web search and watched to movie and still had 84% left . Over all this is a great buy at 379 . 00 thinking I should get one for my son for christma . I didn't go into all the detail about the CPU and all the great thing about this because everyone else did . I do plan on calling asu and asking them if I can use a longer charging cord because the one that comes with it is way to short and you can't put it on a table or desk and reach your surge protector so I put it on the floor to charge . 
  Pro Very nice performance for what I expected . Good value for the price . Solid docking and form factor unlike the awkward leaner that compete . The keyboard isn't as cramped to me as others' review led me to believe it would be and I use it for programming and gaming . Great battery life . Con Build quality seems a bit cheap with the back of the tablet portion even being quite flexible . The touchpad is just awful . The spec could be better . 2 gig more ram and double the 64 to128 and I'd be happy to pay 100 more which is still extra profit . Charge time is slow . It is absolutely awful with a non stock charger though even the same brick and a longer cord which shouldn't make a difference . I would be happy if I could just purchase a longer cable with the same charge speed . Overall , great value for the price . Would definately buy again . This thing even run World of Warcraft albeit with minimum setting comfortably at 30 fp off of a UHS 1 microSD card . Even Orgrimmar and instance were smooth although Orgrimmar had to load for a bit first until the decent fp returned . Granted I optimized the graphic processing for speed . Fair setting garnered a playable 20fp . *I apologize for the shameless WoW nod but I figured it is a solid way to benchmark the machine and is almost ubiquitous . 
  Great Value . Full featured window 8 . 1 Tablet at a very attractive price . At this price , My expectation were exceeded . The Tablet is very responsive and the screen is very fluid . Although the screen is not very bright , that did not bother me . This tablet has the most recent Intel Atom CPU that has 4 core and is twice as fast as the predecessor processor . It equates the Core 2 Duo or I3 in performance . The video is capable light gaming , don't expect to play hard core game on this and overall is a snappy tablet . The only downside in my judgment is the cheap and small key on the keyboard but again at this price , I feel the keyboard is just an added bonus and it is very usable and does the job . Overall , I highly recommend it . 
  I don't know what the other are complaining about but I found this tablet/laptop a worthy successor to the wonderful EEE PC which I've owned for the past 5 6 year . YE , it not made out of metal its plastic but it doesn't feel cheap but that saves on the overall weight of the device . The good : superfast , light , wonderful batteryThe bad : not so good trackpad you can hear a strong 'click' every time you press it , slooooow charging time . In other word , the good are more than the bad .  .  .  . go grab one !  ! 
  Overall , really like the device . That is the kind of portable computer that I was hoping for for a while . Pro : Lightweight . The keyboard is made heavier deliberately to balance the tablet . Detach the keyboard , an it's half the weight . Relatively powerful . I have a browser open and work in m Office comfortably with no lag . Even basic photo editor are snappy . Multitasking is excellent . I really believe window 8 was made for such a device . Run metro in tablet mode , run desktop when working with the keyboard . Split screen is a marvelous feature and all work perfectly with a quad core processor . Dual band WiFi . I live in an apartment building and can simultaneously see about 20 separate SSID . Dual band to the rescue . ip panel viewing angle on the monitor are excellent . I'm wondering why a 1 , 000 laptop would have a TN panel and a 300 tablet would have an ip ? You'll enjoy it . Also , the first unit I tried from BestBuy was a B1 model I returned it due to networking issue . This one is C1 and it seems to me that the unit is better color calibrated than a B1 . Just my opinion . Con : Keyboard is just meh . I don't mind it , but my hand are small . Someone with bigger hand would feel constricted . Trackpad is ok , but the trackpad button are just bad . You need to click close to the button separator to get a reliable click . Only 1366x768 resolution . Not a deal breaker , but my son's Lenovo Miix 2 yep , he snagged one of pre release one from Amazon has a full HD screen with not much of a noticeable hit to the performance . EDIT : Miix 2 doesn't have full HD . Still low re compared to other tablet on the market , most notably Nexus 7 2013 . I'll take full window at lower resolution over Android with higher resolution . Other thought : I had a weird issue that my router asu N66U would not work normally with this tablet ONLY . I needed to restore router to its factory setting to get the full speed . After re inputting all of my custom setting in the router it still work fine . Just a quirk . To those who ask But can it run Crysis ? the answer is YE ! My son and I did it for giggle . 60 fp at medium setting . Can also run Mass Effect 2 , Fallout 3 and Civ 5 at respectable quality setting . 
  So , I have been waiting for this to come out and in a nutshell , this is not the best tablet and not the best notebook , but overall has a lot of versatility that really make up for any shortcoming . To provide perspective , I have used iPad , Android and window 8 first generation Atom and Surface so I feel like I can provide good feedback . Overall , as a tablet , the size work well . Many of the first generation were so wide they were a little awkward . This size Feel right on . it is easy to hold and not very heavy . One minor complaint is that the Speaker are on the back and I feel like the sound might get a little muffled when I hold it . Minor complaint , though . When docked , it is very usable , though the keyboard is cramped . I can certainly get some work done , but I am not breaking any typing speed record with this thing . The trackpad is ok . I heard some complaint about this and at the suggestion of another person , I disabled most of the smart gesture asu application and it seems to work well enough . It is a little small , but does the job . Warning .  .  . the button presse are obnoxious .  .  . very loud . I think someone accurately described it as sounding like that bubble think in the Trouble board game . It has bluetooth though so if I need to do anything significant I use a wireless mouse . Office is an added bonus . I am in graduate school and I was trying to use Open Office , but I cant stand it . This might work for other , but everyone else I my school group is using Office and I use that at work so the learning curve and minor conversion issue were driving me crazy . The fact that Office was included is awesome . Performance with Bay Trail is also good .  .  . better than I expected . The other Atom processor were tolerable I guess , but barely so . This processor is noticeable faster and seems more than adequate for email , browsing , watching video and productivity task . Screen .  .  . I saw some say brightness wasnt that good , but I find that it is plenty good enough for indoor use . Battery life is great . Close to my iPad .  .  . for what you get , that really is awesome . And it has to be , because charging takes A LONG TIME . and I mean it . To be honest , I am thinking it would take day unless this thing is turned off . I am not sure why that is . In order to make sure that this has a full charge it is like I have to shut it down and give it at least 4 hour . Would have rather seen another option that microUSB for that . I can certainly work around it , but it is a little annoying . window 8 . 1 .  .  . I don't share the same window 8 hate that everyone has . There was a little bit of a learning curve , but I appreciate what Microsoft is trying to do . I think that window 8 . 1 is a good improvement over window 8 . I paid 329 . 00 for this and I think it is a great deal . As mentioned , I do not think it is really a leader in any single area . With the dock and Office , though , this is a fantastic value . UPDATE .  .  . I was using a USB extension cable because the included USB cable is very short . I removed this from the setup and charged just with the included cable and it seems to charge faster , though still slow . 
  I have been using tablet for 10 year , first window XP Tablet edition , more recently Android . I am also a heavy user of u00a0Window laptop and desktop , and my primary personal computer is a window 8 core i7 laptop , so I am used to a responsive computer . I have to say the asu T100TA is a joy to use as a tablet , and not bad as a netbook . It is responsive , with an excellent screen , and great build quality I have no idea how anybody could complain about it at this price point . The keyboard has good feel , with only he touchpad feeling cheap . I find myself touching the screen rather than using the pad even when docked . Talking about the value again , the T100TA comes with full window 8 . 1 , not window RT , so it can run traditional window program . It won't run processor intensive program very fast , but it will run them . I loaded Ligthroom just for fun , and it ran fine . Transfer speed of image from my thumb drive were excellent , so the USB port is a good implementation of the 3 . 0 standard . This next coment not specific to the asu . I have not been a big fan of the Metro UI on a laptop , but on a tablet it is really slick . There are so many feature that become usable when you touch the screen . Using the touchpad on the asu was the same as on my laptop ; too many false edge swipe . In summary , a 5 star tablet , and a 4 star netbook . I thoroughly recommend it . 
  Like the idea ; will have to wait and see on execution . No problem with the device itself , it's what I wanted and what I bought . When it was working , it was exactly what I'd hoped for . The problem is probably window 8 . 1 , or at least compatibility between Win 8 . 1 and the hardware . Essentially , it stopped booting into anything other than a BSOD spiral after a few day . My daughter has a Microsoft Surface and it had similar though , unlike me , not device fatal problem . Do yourself a favor if you buy a tablet PC with Win 8 : don't do automatic window Update or firmware Update . The problem seems to be that these Update often are applied when the device is in sleep mode and that creates a bloody mess . Won't wake up , patche applied incompletely or improperly , etc . Set your PC to apply patche ONLY WHEN PROMPTED and watch it like a hawk . Shouldn't have to do that , and maybe someday Microsoft will work that out , but for now it's a problem . I'm OK with that , but now I know better . Have sent my original back to Amazon for replacement and will update after a while with the new one .  .  . especially knowing what to beware of . 
  look great ,  , worked fine for 2 hour . Unable to use system restore as it says missing file . This product description says 'relax youre covered with a 1 yr international warranty'Youre not ! Its a local warranty only . Amazon confirm its mis sold . But blame the reseller . asu blame Amazon . This is all backed up by email . This product description is clearly mis selling an item . asu will not repair this outside the US . For anyone outside the US please be aware amazon / asu are mis leading customer . 
  This is an outstanding computer . I bought this little powerhouse , as a backup for my wife u2019 laptop computer . She loves it . It does everything she likes to do on her laptop surfing , e mail , word processing etc . and it is a lot more portable . She has had it now for about 3 month . As other have stated I too had problem when I first received this computer , especially during the initial set up process . I was ready to take it back to the store for an exchange but decided to do some research on the internet about it first . I must say I am glad that I did that . I believe that asu was in such a hurry to get this new item out before christma that they lacked on the quality control . It was a gamble , but judging from the worldwide sale I guess it is paying off . I mean , what more could you ask for , this thing is a Laptop a Tablet and a Kindle . Once you update this computer correctly your problem will slowly go away . Here are some tip . 1 . Attach tablet to keyboard listening for two faint click to make sure it is attached and fully charge computer before any attempt to use it . 2 . Leave computer plugged in while going through the set up process . 3 . During set up when asked to go online skip that step and go back to it later . 4 . Once that process is done go in and set window Update to check for Update but only install at your choosing . 5 . Now you can set up the computer to go online . Find asu Live Update Utility already installed on your computer and check for Update . 6 . You will probably see a list of Update that are needed , install the bio one first the latest as of this review is 226 and then the other one at a time following any instruction that goes along with them . 7 . Go to PC setting and do a full recovery/ restore of window not refresh that only reset window while keeping your file intact . You want to put it back to factory setting . Think of it like tightening up a screw that came loose during transit . 8 . Go back to asu Live Update to make sure the Update you installed are still okay . You will know if you keep clicking to check and nothing show up . bio is most important the rest you can put in later . 9 . Now go to window Update and install all Update one at a time . These are just some of the thing I did to get this computer running well . Hopefully it can help other . It may seem like a lot of work but , this computer is well worth it . Keep in mind that asu is always sending down Update through the Live Update Utility to address problem and improve performance . Many of the concern that customer have had previously with this computer have went away through asu Update and window Update . If you can get this computer for anything less than 500 . 00 you have received a good deal . This is a fast computer with a lot of capabilitie . It is just like any other computer the more you install on it the slower it gets . Realizing it has a small processor it is still very quick even after you add a few program . Here are some other point or idea . 1 . Microsoft Office is already installed ; all you need to do is put in the accompanied code . 2 . Connects to any wireless printer using the same procedure as any window computer . 3 . Can install a 64 GB Micro Scandisk Extreme plus SD card the card does not stick out stay flush with the computer for extra storage . 4 . It has a Long battery life and resent Update will improve recharging time . 5 . Display is good if you use reading glasse it u2019 even better 6 . Use a computer skin or a leather / synthetic leather case to hide Fingerprint on outer surface . The leather case will also act as padding . 7 . Use a stylus or screen cover to limit Fingerprint on screen my wife prefers the stylus . 8 . As mentioned earlier It can also be used like a Laptop , Tablet or a KindleThere are a lot more thing I could say about this computer but the bottom line , this is a keeper . window 8 . 1 is constantly improving as is this asu Computer . Make sure you keep up with the Update . Research any problem online using review and YouTube before getting frustrated with this computer . There are a lot of tip out there about window 8 . 1 and this computer . You can spend 1000 . 00 on a new TV , 2000 . 00 on a new computer , 30 , 000 . 00 on a new car etc . and still have problem with them . Anytime something is mass produced there will be problem . Next year this computer will have more feature and a bigger price tag . Why wait to pay for extra feature that you probably will never use . Get it now at a low price . 
  This is my first window tablet and I must say I LOVE IT . Expected to hate window 8 . 1 , especially given all the griping I've heard . I decided to spend an hour just figuring out the o . What are people complaining about ? Swipe from the right to bring up your menu . Swipe from the left to go back to the previous app . Swipe from the bottom to customize . Press the desktop tile to put the tablet into classic window desktop mode . work great ! Finally , I have a tablet on which I can do REAL work using Microsoft Office . This little baby comes with it pre installed ! The keyboard is pretty basic , but does the trick , PLUS it provides a USB connection . I am seriously in love with this thing . I will probably still use my Ipad and Android tablet to play music , read , watch movie .  .  .  .  .  . but this is now my go to tablet for work . It helps that I got a great deal . 299 on Black Friday for the 64 GB version . But I was willing to pay more for it and just lucked out . Totally worth it . 
  I had to do 5 star . There is honestly nothing wrong with it , the price is amazing , the quality is better than the price I paid for , no issue , battery does easily the 8 hour as advertised , it comes with full window 8 . 1 with Office 2013 Student and a keyboard dock w/ 3 . 0 usb ability . The dock program/os alone cost well over 400 ! This tablet is a steal ! Though it is more than a tablet . The screen has beautiful color , the response is super fast , and the Baytrail cpu has the ability to play game , such as Half life 2 at high setting around 30fp . Wow . Just everything about this Tablet is remaking what we know a Netbook is and making it something everyone should own .  .  . but people with large hand will hate the dock . It is great , buy it . Recommend you getting the 64gb model with a 64gb microsd . I BOUGHT 3 ! Kept the first one , gave the other two away to family for christma ! ALSO ! The window logo was finally taken off the tablet . Mine came in with NO BROKEN KEYBOARD ! And no window logo . So happy I got the second revision from Amazon . 
  I got this primarily to test the performance of the Bay Trail processor and thus far I have been pleasantly surprised . Gone are the old day of frustratingly slow Atom processor . This device is the perfect evolution of the netbook . Build Not bad at all for the price . I believe it is the lightest Win8 10inch tablet and is about the same as my GF's Ipad2 . I like the slight visual texture on the back but hate the glossy . I have seen so many asu tablet that are lovely and not glossy , so I am disappointed that it was glossy . Not really a big deal since I ended up putting a skin on mine . The plastic around the bevel of the screen is a little soft and got a tiny ding when I bumped the edge against the box that the T100 came in . Then again , the box was sharp enough to draw blood so maybe the plastic will be fine . A tiny bit of flex , but there is only so much you can do with plastic of this caliber . For the price , it is fantastic . Screen Good screen with great viewing angle . Plenty of brightness for me . color seem a touch off a little too yellow , so I am still trying to figure out if that is normal or not and see if I can adjust it . Resolution might seem low , but it is great for a 10 inch screen , particularly if you spend a lot of time in desktop mode like I do . I can't imagine how tiny 1080p would render text . Using Win8 app , you can notice the slightly lower resolution if holding close , but it is no different than something like the Ipad2 . Touch has been nice and responsive . Keyboard The keyboard is definitely cramped and I am still getting used to it , but is fine for email and short document . It is a little disappointing that they made the key so short when I have seen asu put much larger key on similarly sized docks . Not sure why they changed them . Would definitely have been nice for a battery and an extra usb port in the dock , but for a free throw in , it is fantastic . The trackpad isn't super responsive , but it is far more usable than some have said . For anything that I really need some precision for , I will be using a mouse anyway or just touch the screen . Performance Pleasantly surprised by the performance . The Metro UI screen scroll smoothly and Win8 app open quickly and run well so far . For the desktop and more traditional program , I haven't run into any issue . program are definitely slow to install , and some , like Inkscape take a little longer to open than on my i5 desktop , but so far work without a problem . I don't plan to do a lot of rendering or editing on this device , so performance is more than good enough . I'd wager it would be good enough for 90% of regular user . 1080P video played without a hitch as has any video site that I have tried . I was thinking originally that I would go with an i3 or i5 based tablet , but this has done well enough that I don't think that will be necessary now . An important thing to note is that the battery life on this thing is stellar ! Easily over the 10 hour mark with mixed straight use at mid brightness . Standby is great too . When I use this as a consumption device in tablet mode , I go a couple day of use between charge . So nice to have full window functionality in a device so nice to hold and use . The only real thing I wish this had was a pressure sensitive pen , but I understand that that would have increased weight , thickness and price . For the money , I can't be mad . I got a capacitive pen and it work pretty well , just lacking that bit of precision that comes with an active digitizer . OK for now , for as much as I would like to take handwritten note or make amazing art on this device , I just don't do either enough to really stress about it . All in all , super pleased with this device and am amazed at the value . To do better , you would be looking at something like the Dell Venue Pro 11 , which has slightly better spec , the pen I'd love , but start at 500 without keyboard . I am surprised not more people are talking about this device in the mainstream . netbook were so crappy , yet million of people used them as their primary or secondary device . This bad boy is the perfect evolution . Better screen , touch , much , much , much better performance , way better battery life and weight , multiple form factor , and at about the same price of the nicer netbook . Stunning value . Highly recommended . 
  If you're just looking for a tablet for playing game , web browsing , social media and music and video , there are better option than this available . If you are looking for a notebook for running mainstream business app , such as m Office , there are also better option than this . However , if you're looking for something that lets you do both , and at a very attractive price point , this is a great device for you . First , you get full window 8 . 1 32 bit , instead of window RT . This mean you can run many legacy x86 window desktop application . Also , you get full featured Internet Explorer 11 , which helps make up for the lack of Modern UI app currently available in the window Store . You can install Java , Shockwave , and other plugin . Built in Adobe Flash allows you to watch video from service like Amazon Instant Video , YouTube and Vudu , which don't currently have app available for them . There are app for some popular service , such as Facebook , Twitter , Netflix and Kindle . Also , since this is true window 8 . 1 , driver support for device such as printer won't be a problem . Also , with the quad core Bay Trail Atom Z3740 processor , 2GB of memory and solid state storage I strongly recommend the 64GB version , performance is much improved over past netbook sized PC . m Office 2013 app open quickly Home and Student , with full featured Excel , Word , PowerPoint and OneNote , is included . 3D game from the window Store , like Hydro Thunder , play great on the T100 . Xbox 360 controller support is also a plus . Connectivity on the tablet is decent , with micro USB , micro HDMI , and MicroSD slot , as well as a 3 . 5mm stereo headphone/speaker jack . Finally , battery life on the T100 is great . It's advertised at 11 hour . I haven't checked the life on mine , but it has lasted noticeably longer than the asu TF700 Android tablet that it replaced . The included keyboard/touchpad dock adds to the value of the tablet , since this is an extra cost on other tablet , although it has taken some getting used to . The dock adds a full sized USB 3 . 0 port , which gives you a lot of device connectivity option , including high speed USB to Gigabit Ethernet adapter , and external hard drive , with USB 3 . 0's fast data transfer rate . The key on the keyboard are small , so those with large hand may have some frustration using it , and the touchpad leaves something to be desired . You can connect a Bluetooth or USB keyboard or mouse or both , with a USB hub . At this price point , it's not surprising that asu had to make some compromise in the T100 . The case is plastic , rather than metal case other tablet , such as the Apple iPad or Microsoft Surface 2 , use . This does make it feel somewhat cheaper than a metal cased tablet , at least to me . The tablet and keyboard dock both do feel sturdy , however . Also , the resolution on the 10 . 1 display is only 1366x768 , while other tablet have 1920x1080 and higher resolution . It's definitely not the equal of the Super ip 1920x1200 display in my Transformer Pad Infinity , or the 2048x1536 resolution of the iPad's Retina display . However , it's good enough for me , given the versatility of the T100 . The T100 isn't the best at any single thing it does , but when you combine everything you get , especially for the price , it's the best value in a window tablet/small notebook right now , in my opinion , and is worth looking at if you want one device for business app , multimedia content , web browsing , social media and tablet gaming . If the window Store Continue to improve in its selection of quality app , this will become an even better value . 
  I bought this for my daughter who is Autistic and after watching her frustration trying to use the huge laptop computer with load of memory and program , I decided she need something smaller and easier to use . She has had it for a few week and I have not heard one complaint . She tells me it load page quickly and she loves the touch screen . It came with a blue tooth keyboard which seems to be pretty good quality for the money . I don't think you could go wrong if you don't need the larger screen with the complication of a laptop . This is just the right size for my 24 year old Autistic daughter . I made a good purchase here . 
  1st Assuming you have one , may I suggest you follow the suggestion Curry 5 December 2013 wrote . It can save you a ton of grief , including turning the T100 into a brick . Charge until the Orange LED is off . Mine came with bio 214 and it arrived 13 Dec . 2013 . The current to date is 220 . What is not clear is you may have to use the window explorer file mgr , going to program then asu . Find WinFlash exe I found the latest bio at the asu website . I had to unzip the download first . Then launching Winflash I was able to navigateto the unpacked bio . WinFlash came up with a dire warningabout doing this only if it is required . Well it is ; at least if you want toavoid the issue other have discussed . Again , be sure your battery is fully chargedelse you will be holding a brick . First , it deletes the bio then install thelatest greatest . I have not had major issue with the trackpad which I attribute to the latest bio . While you can get this for 350 400 , it reallygets closer to 500 when you add .  .  . iLLumiShield asu Transformer Book T100 Crystal Clear Screen Protectorswith Anti Bubble/Anti Fingerprint 2 Pack Lifetime ReplacementsB00FOU3KYEMicro USB to USB OTG Adapter CableB00D8YZ2SAMediabridge FLEX Series Micro HDMI to HDMI Cable 10 Foot High Speed support Ethernet , 3D and Audio Return Newest Standard B00B1DC9HMEvecase u00ae 2 in 1 Leather Keyboard Portfolio Stand Case Cover for asu Transformer Book T100 /T100TA C1 GR 10 . 1 Inch Convertible Touchscreen Laptop Tablet color choice on Amazon keep changing And a 3 year SquareTrade Warranty include insurance for drop and spill The cable are small enough to I believe fit together at the same time still waiting for mine to arrive . This setup will allow you to hook up to a desktop monitorand even a large KB and mouse if you wish I'm using the Logitech Wave set from Amazon . Bottom line with all this is you have a reasonabledesktop setup that can go as a laptop as well . The case snaps apart so you can go fromlaptop to tablet . If you want to go hard wire on network , look atUNITEK USB3 . 0 3 port HUB with 1 RJ45 10/100/1000 Gigabit EthernetLAN Wired Network Adapter with LED indicator for notebook , ultrabook and tablet with USB port , USB bus poweredB00EHDNAOEI will update any of these if they are a no go here , otherwise I will write a separate review of eachitem with more detail . YE , the whole tablet side is a fingerprintmagnet . I expect the screen coverand convertible case to take care of that . item rarely mentioned elsewhere .  .  . The sound is surprising for such asmall device ! asu includes app forKindle and Netflix ! Thank you ! Some seem to miss the orangepaper that is your licence form Office 2013 no Outlook . I cut the licence off the paperand taped it to the back of thetablet so I cannot lose it . My case will make it all 'pretty'and it doubles as a standhowever the lock and weightof the Keyboard dock workjust fine . It's not perfect , howeverwith my addon , I gota tablet , laptop and desktopand no longer have toplay Where's Waldo ? with my data filessyncing to the cloud . 
  asu T100 : What can I say about this piece of cutting edge technology .  .  . I've owned it long enough to have a good feel for it's strength and weakness's . PRO'S : For under 400 this is my primary work and school computer , it comes with m Office Home and Student full version , which is 140 . The hardware is good enough to play most modern game on Low to medium setting at default resolution . Ample 64GB Hard Drive ; it's big enough for ton of game , window store app , picture , document .  .  . And with asu Web Storage and m cloud storage , my HDD still has plenty of room , even without an extra memory card . Because of advancement in software development , not having a DVD R/W drive is not a problem . Video's from web service , Remote Desktop for viewing your home recording remotely , and Virtual drive for accessing otherwise unavailable game , the limitation of such a compact platform can be mitigated . The built in Bluetooth , WiFi , USB 3 . 0 , crisp ip 720 HD display , USB charging instead of a proprietary charger , perfectly performing multi touch on the display and 12 hour battery life , round off this less than 400 bargain . AND , this beauty start in an instant and only sips power while unplugged in sleep mode , meaning instant start without having to power the thing off and only have around 8% less battery than when I fell asleep 7 hour ago . CON'S : The built in WiFi is actually a 2 in 1 chip , bluetooth and wifi . While using the bluetooth the internet WILL RANDOMLY STOP RECEIVING .  .  . which mean that if you are connected to WiFi for more than 2 hour with your bluetooth headset in , watching an awesome movie .  .  . it will just randomly stop working . Super annoying . Also , the bluetooth seems to share a bit of the processing bandwidth with the WiFi , which mean a little slower internet connection . It's not a huge deal but can definitely detract from a 720p HD video experience because of slower communication rate . The USB 2 . 0 charging cable is incredibly short compared to a normal laptop . The charge time is also very very slow . With the brightness all the way up the battery will actually discharge while plugged in , while using it . Thankfully even at 50% brightness it is amazingly clear , crisp and bright . On that note , it has built in USB 3 . 0 , which has MUCH higher amperage tolerance , what in the world was asu thinking not giving us USB 3 . 0 charging capabilitie , KNOWING it would be backwards with USB 2 . 0 charger and device .  .  .  . The on screen keyboard does NOT always show when I want it to .  .  . in fact the only time I can guarantee it showing up is when first logging into window . ATKOSD2 . exe is an absolute waste of manpower , skill , MY computer resource and my own personal sanity . What a horrible idea to even install that software into the laptop . It isn't even turned on ATKOSD2 . exe is a file name which mean asu Tool Key On Screen Display . Out of all the problem that I've had with this laptop , that one was the worst . And if you tell that file to show on screen , it will show the darn overlay continuously , which oscillates between AC Connected and AC Disconnected .  .  . I deleted that file as soon as I realized it was crashing my video game , causing my keyboard to not function , and eat up all my computer resource . Last problem I had was with the single USB 3 . 0 jack in the keyboard dock . Sometimes it decides to recognize older USB 2 . 0 device , and most of the time not . Once it recognizes the device , it usually work 100% of the time thereafter , with the exception of printer . Overall , this was an exceptional value . EVERYTHING has a negative , and this product is no exception . For the average student or Employee on the go , with the need to be connected , this product is absolutely unbeatable for the price . I recommend it to EVERYONE I meet . 
  What's not to like .  .  . I've tried many tablet , IPad , Android and nothing comes close to the functionality and stablity of this machine running window 8 . 1 .  .  . I can finally get away from my laptop ! 
  Im a sy admin/ Network admin and for the most part I'm a macbook pro user , and i must say , I love this thing , The battery life is killer , It's not a super speedy piece but it is more then adequate for daily work . My Pro'sBattery lifeSpeedPricePortabilityThe BadSmall right shift keyglossy finish make it easy to dropThis is the best price to performance I've seen , I went to an office and they ended up buying 8 of them
  Amazing product . I prefer to call it a Booklet for notebook tablet . I have not seen any issue on the device so far . It worked right off the bat ! Only thing to be aware of is that make sure you charge it fully before turning it on , and then update to latest bio version 220 by going to asu support website . I think this is the new category Booklet and the appropriate low price that will bring Microsoft back into the PC/tablet game that it seemed to have lost somewhere to the 'Fruit' company . This is a phenomenal product . I have iPAD , but I have not touched it since I got this Booklet a week back . I have put GenyMotion on it and now I have android and window 8 . 1 both on the same device . Other tablet are mere toy before the immense productivity power this little Booklet has now !  ! Home run scored by ASUS/ Intel/ Microsoft with this device !  ! 
  This tablet is a great buy for the price , but you get what you pay for . Pro it is cheap , small and light . 11h battery life 5point touch screen Office 2013 Student preloaded and ready to activate For free ! 2 in 1 tablet/netbook ability MicroSD card slotCon Not the most powerful . Only 2 gig of RAM 1gig used when window is idle mean you wont be running any intensive game , but it is enough to multitask . it has a personality . It need some time to think and process certain action , but it is consistent so its easy to learn how best to interact with this 2 in 1 . USB3 is on the keyboard dock . not a bit deal , but it mean you cant use a USB flash drive in Tablet mode . it will probably crash on you when you first update window . All you have to do is do a window Repair if it crashe , no more problem after that . You can get to the repair mode by holding the Power and Volume Up for 5~10 second while the laptop is booting up . finger print smudge prone . Over all I love my laptop/tablet/netbook/2 in 1 whatever you want to call it . It is small and portable , great for thing like note taking and keeping yourself entertained on long trip like plane trip . The 11h battery life will give you between 7 and 11 hour of use . I was able to watch 3 hour worth of TV show and play Solitaire for another 2 hour and still had 50% battery left . If you learn how your netbook behaves you can easily change a few habit to make the most out of your device . 
  My first two window 8 device were laptop with touchpad and no touch screen capability . I actually liked what window 8 was trying to do , but noticed that it was designed for touch screen device . With the asu Transformer Book the promise is delivered . This specific product , and the general class of touch tablet/keyboard product really show what window 8 . 1 can be and I like it . I've found that the keyboard , though small , can hold up pretty good for me when doing a lot of typing . It's actually larger than an earlier asu netbook's keyboard 3 4 year old device and the feedback is pretty clear . The touchpad work just fine , but I find preferring to use the touch screen itself when at all possible . This is a great hybrid of a product that easily serves as stand alone tablet and desk based portable . I can't wax enthusiastically enough about this . It DOES take a lot of time to recharge and I recommend you basically plug this in at night . So far , I haven't even come close to having the battery run down . Eight to eleven hour on a charge is a LOT of time . My son's 3 , 000 laptop can do that too , but he's got an auxiliary battery pack and it weighs a ton . The only specific thing I don't like about this product ? The connection to the keyboard gives an ambiguous thunk rather than a satisfying click when connected . In early use I sometimes thought the keyboard was connected when it wasn't . I took a week or so to get a feel for when it truly was connected . Once the keyboard is seated , I find I can easily use this propped up on my chest with my glasse off as is my wont . It balances just like a standard notebook on my ample belly , and the clear screen is really nice to my severely near sighted eye . Easy 5 out of 5 star , even with ambiguous clunk . UPDATE 4 DEC 2013 : I've read some complaint about the flimsiness of the keyboard . I have to note that if you pick up the entire unit with one hand by the edge or corner of the keyboard when docked that the keyboard WILL flex from the weight of the tablet/screen . Also , it wasn't clear to me from the original description but when the keyboard is attached/docked it will fold up quite nicely with the tablet/screen as a single clamshell unit . 
  Just got the T100TA a couple day ago .  .  . First impression Surprisingly , I like it . Only disappointment I have so far are window related The App store really sucks ! Personally , I do not trust third party developer to provide me important app , so this takes out a lot of unofficial app in the window app store . Battery does take a while to charge .  . but it's no big deal . Lasts the entire day so I don't mind that it takes forever to charge . I have noticed though something weird .  .  . Sometimes the trackpad doesn't work It is enabled I did not turn it off , sometimes the window home key on my keyboard doesn't work . Sometimes when I access the charm bar and click any of the five option , nothing happens . I am hoping it's no big deal but I will update this review if it does turn into something bad . 
  This product is terrific value for money . There is absolutely no question that the company has put thought into the product and has executed it very well . The component are plastic and they do show finger print on the glass . However that does not take away in any way shape or form from the value that this product represents . The product truly shine where it count : The screen resolution is excellent and color are vivid Wifi is strong and the product acquires an IP connection quickly Booting is fast only a few second from when the power switch is pressed The keyboard while small and not backlit , is still very usable The inclusion of Microsoft Office make the product usable for real work instantly . This is not a high end product with carbon fiber or magnesium casing or other such feature . However for under 400 it represents some of the best value that is currently available in the market . 
  Great unit for casual & travel use . Very smooth performance , I added a 64Gb micro SD class 10 and now I have plenty of storage space . The screen is much more usable for me being a 10 instead of the 8 I have been using . Also really nice to have a keyboard when I want one . This is the one to throw in your sling bag to carry with you ! Having the included Office is a real bonus as well . Biggest Advantage to me are : Keyboard , USB 3 . 0 port on keyboard , light weight and thin profile . My only complaint is one which I did not see in any review I red before purchasing this , the micro SD slot leaves the card protruding enough to make me nervous about it popping out . This slot should be recessed deeper to prevent that from happening . 
  Bought one October 25 , 2013 a week or so after all the excitement died down and Amazon actually had some for 399 . 99 . I am quite happy with it when used as a notebook with the keyboard attached . I have been working with STEAM on it to check performance . Due to the 64 GB SSD main storage I use a 32 GB SSD left over from an upgrade in a USB 3 . 0 case for all the STEAM file . I am very happy with the overall performance . The graphic spec could be better but that is made up for by the excellent battery life and low weight . I finally got to use it as a tablet in a real world mobile situation on a casino bus tour . At 1 pound the tablet part is easy to use from a bus seat and it had plenty of battery for my need all day . I am using it to replace my old DELL Mini 9 netbook . The WIFI worked nicely in several hotel and eating place . The screen self adjusts for ambient light condition but I have not had an opportunity to use it outdoor yet . Overall I am quite pleased with it so far . 11 29 13 : Got to keep it now . This is the last day to return . I have experienced some mysterious behavior charging the battery . The asu power adapter gets pretty hot when charging . It is rated at 2 . 1 amp @ 5 volt and is pretty small . I am using A piece of software I found to monitor the battery charge state : BATTERYBAR v3 . 62 . I recommend it . I have the impression that tablet have reached the max performance available if a USB port is the designed method of battery charging with a max current load of about 2 amp . I have seen a condition with the tablet charging on the asu adapter and the operating system indicates it is oscillating between charging mode and battery mode about once a second . A good alternative to the asu power adapter iFlash u00ae 4 . 5 amp / 22Watt / Fastest Speed Four Port USB Wall/Travel/AC Rapid Charger for iPhone 5 4 4 3 , iPad 4 3 2 Mini , iPod Touch , Samsung Galaxy Tab , Galaxy S3 S2  , NOTE II , Android smartphone and Other USB device Universal Compatibility .  .  . 3/1/2014 UPDATEI have been experimenting with accessorie to see how far I can push the T100 . I acquired a few from AMAZON : HDE Bluetooth mouse , very compact , long battery life : http : //www . amazon . com/gp/product/B00ESJPSWY/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i01 ? ie=UTF8&psc ; =1UNITEK USB 3 . 0 HUB WITH ETHERNET : http : //www . amazon . com/gp/product/B00EHDNAOE/ref=oh_details_o09_s00_i01 ? ie=UTF8&psc ; =1PATRIOT USB 3 . 0 64 GB FLASH DRIVE : http : //www . amazon . com/gp/product/B008R6OPQE/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i02 ? ie=UTF8&psc ; =1MEDIABRIDGE MICRO HDMI TO HDMI CABLE : http : //www . amazon . com/gp/product/B004286VMW/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i02 ? ie=UTF8&psc ; =1With these accessorie the T100 can function as a desktop with a standard USB keyboard , the BT mouse and a large monitor . Don't try to use a micro HDMI adapter , it will not fit next to the micro usb connector . I mainly use the PATRIOT flash drive for STEAM game . 
  I was in the market for a tablet/laptop combo , and I took about a month to research various option . I know a lot of people say how terrible the window app are , but I knew I wanted a window based system , since I already had access to the Apple store app through my phone . I use mine more for school/work anyway , and there are plenty of useful apps/fun game . I love that this computer can easily be turned into a tablet , yet it has the full window operating system . It has a USB 3 . 0 port in the amazingly well crafted keyboard for hooking up a wireless mouse , external hard drive , etc . Typing can be a bit slow at first , but it's easy to get used to the smaller keyboard . The reason I went with this V other window tablets/pc is because of the price and the component . No other similar tablet/pc compares for the price . 
  I have spent 3 day on the T100 and I love it . The hardware is everything I expected and I wonder if some of the QA concern posted earlier were on a particular early shipment . The reason I think that is that some of the early review talked about the non functioning window icon at the bottom of the display ; my T100 does not even have the window icon . I have also found the hardware to be very solid feeling and well built ; the track pad does have a slight delay sometimes ; however , it isn't something that I haven't already gotten used to . The new ATOM Bay Trail processor run extremely well . This is my first experience with window 8 and that has taken some getting used to ; but once I got familiar with how it work I really like a lot of the functionality asu did pin a detailed user manual to the task bar of the traditional desktop ; and it cover a lot about window 8 .  .  . Thank you asu . I think that the asu T100 is one of the best value out there and I do not hesitate recommending it . 
  Does everything I need it to . Good for casual gaming , great for surfing the web , and great for doing work report and presentation too . Long battery life , easy setup , easy learning curve , and the versatility of a laptop or tablet . I love the keyboard and paired with a wireless mouse , it's dang near perfect . Surprisingly good Speaker on it too ! It's an excellent value for the price . Are there thing that could be better ? YE , but for the price tag it's more than adequate . 
  Pro : Great battery life . Good display with wide viewing angle . work well as both a tablet and a portable laptop . Excellent value for the price . It has beat the iPad to become my daughter's favorite device ! Con : My first experience with tablet window 8 which is more clumsy than io or Android . Luckily you can always use the desktop version if you like . After an initial learning curve , the tablet version of window work now work OK for me . Overall this tablet/laptop is excellent . It's nice to have a good window device again . 
  This tablet is terrific ! It's quick , the battery lasts a long time , and it's a proper laptop replacement . Sure , if you're already invested into io or Android , go ahead and stick with those . But , if you're a long time PC user like me and an IT professional for the last 15 year , this is the way to go . I have a Sandy Bridge i7 2600K desktop and an Ivy Bridge i5 3317U Ultrabook so I know what power is but this tablet does not disappoint . It handles Netflix and 1080p video just fine . Sure , it won't run Photoshop or AutoCAD well , it might but I didn't try , but it'll run StarCraft 2 on low setting at 30 40fp . Some might complain about the modest screen resolution compared to the Nexus 10 or the iPad retina display , but have you ever tried running window at 1080p on a 10 11 screen ? I have on the Surface Pro , and window doesn't scale too well so text is either tiny or awkward . Plus , io and Android excluding Samsung's multi view do not let you run app side by side . With window 8 you can snap two Metro app or run as many side by side as you want on the classic desktop . The tablet by itself is light and solid , the keyboard is fairly comfortable and doesn't need to be charged , the multi touch gesture on the trackpad work reasonably well , and the USB port is super convenient . Unless you're looking for a tablet with an Intel Core processor , a digitizer , or TPM support , I highly recommend this tablet . 
  I have had two of these . The first one never worked . The second one has been sent in and was returned to me still not working correctly . They wanted me to pay shipping even though the box said 2way free standard shipping . Now they want me to give them a credit card number so they can charge me for a new cord . Do NOT listen to the good review . This company does not care about the consumer . They cannot even fix their own product when they have had it for three week . I would give this computer negative five star if I could
  The professional and user review were great ! How could I go wrong ? I bought a 'good as new' unit from the Amazon warehouse for a slight discount . disappointment : the touch screen was very finicky sometimes it recognized a touch and other time I had to resort to the equally demanding touch pad on the key board . hovering over the screen was supposed to activate the display of menu or something . It never worked so I can't be more specific than that . program loading seemed rather slow compared to my Android phone and desktop . window version of my favorite Android app are not quite the same and had several operational problem . Maybe this 'good as new' unit really has deeper problem than can be determined by an operational inspection . However , with this experience I'm not willing to try again . This is being returned and my search for a tablet that can sync with m Office desktop Continue . 
  I was looking for a replacement for my 6 year old netbook , which I needed to type up note and article using LaTeX while on trip , this tablet with dock comes as a charm . While you can see all the good thing it gives you from other customer review , I will address a few issue . I would regard the charger as defective , it can't charge the tablet while I am using it , and will take extremely long time to finish charging after . I first tried to delete asu web storage and updated bio as other people suggested on various user forum , but it doesn't seems to help much . I bought another micro usb charger and there is no more charging problem . Another imperfection is that the screen is an absolute fingerprint magnet , which is not really a big deal to me . The dock keyboard's key size is also a bit tiny and cramped , while the touchpad is slightly too large in my opinion . Nevertheless , with such decent spec and international warranty , this machine is well worth the price and I still love it . 
  I received the asu transformer as an early christma present and absolutely love it ! I have been searching for a replacement for a 2010 netbook that I used as a casual on the couch handy computer . I wanted a tablet but absolutely needed to have Office for work and other use AND a keyboard . As other have noted , the asu comes with Office Home/Student which is perfect for my need . I have a desktop for heavy duty work and the asu zenbook for travel . I am not a gamer . Getting used to window 8 . 1 because I am used to 7 is a challenge but will be worth the effort . The asu found my wireless printer immediately and was a breeze to connect to other device in the house . I followed the suggestion of other user when it arrived : I charged it fully for 8 hour . I went thru the setup and put it on my wireless network . Next , I changed the setting so that window would download Update automatically but not install them . I checked asu live Update none were needed UPDATED checked again the next day and installed a bio 220 upgrade without issue . Then , I changed the setting so that the device would not go into sleep into mode other user have had issue with the window Update not completely successfully or even bricking the device . Finally , I ran all the window Update and kept my finger crossed . After about 15 minute these were complete and the computer had restarted . All is well . I will change the setting back to automatically installing Update in a few day . This device or booklet as one reviewer termed it is perfect for my need I can use as a Kindle reader and easily watch my Slingbox . This tablet is gorgeous . I have an Android phone and was familiar with that o . I knew that an Android tablet would not work for me because I really needed Word and Excel . A few other reviewer found that the device worked fine at first then failed . I will update this review in a few week in case of any issue . All in all the perfect device at the perfect price . A quick note on tablet sleeve the Ipad 4 sleeve and there are many to choose from will NOT fit . For 399 this was the ideal xma present from my hubby ! We order from Amazon but it was through another vendor . No issue here . 
  I have been looking for a window tablet with a 10 screen that I could afford . After seeing the review on this I decided to take the plunge and am very happy I did . For my usage it is just about perfect and I would change or add very little . The size and weight are perfect and the price is a steal . The screen is excellent both video and character are sharp and clear . The touchpad is the first one I have ever used that work well , in fact , so well I seldom use my mouse . The touch screen as good as any of our other toy , including an LG G2 and several Fire HD as well as a new 7 HDX . The keyboard is excellent for my use I am a lousy typist and use the 'hunt and peck' system . It is obviously smaller than a regular keyboard and might not be as good for an experienced typist . But , that said , this is a compact device and allowance must be made for that . The onscreen keyboard really great and large enough to use comfortably . Fit and finish are excellent although the back is a shiny fingerprint magnet as other have pointed out . It's not a big deal for me , however . I am coming from a 14 Win 7 laptop which has been resigned to the shelf and it has taken me a couple of day to begin to find my way around the Win 8 . 1 but the 8 . 1 is the 'cats meow' for me . I really like it . I had a problem signing in to my m Live account the first day and asu Tech Support resolved my problem shortly . m tech support declined . The second day , window did a rather large update and after rebooting , I lost use of my touchpad . Again I contacted asu and they answered the phone and helped me resolve the problem in English yet . So far , am very pleased with asu . With the 64GB native memory and an extra 32GB in the sd slot , I find I have plenty of memory even without the Skydrive and ASUSclouddrive . The frosting on the cake is the included free m Office . Don't let the seemingly meager hardware spec fool you . This is a very snappy performer and does better than the Acer Aspire 14 with a Pentium processor and 4GB memory . I have been fortunate in not having some of the problem other have reported , but this is going to be my 'all in one' device that I can use for everything that I want to do . Everyone that has seen it including 2 iPad owner have been very impressed particularly when they find out the price . I could not be happier with this little jewel . 
  I've been very impressed with mine . Bought it so that I could leave my MacBook Air at home during my wedding and honeymoon and this fit the bill nicely . Pro : Good on plane ! In addition to the long battery life 9 12 hour , USB charging lot of newer plane infotainment system have a USB port for charging device , small enough to fit comfortably on the fold down tray , many of the airline's revised electronic device rule restrict laptop usage on takeoff and landing but allow tablet . Perfect for running the photo slideshow at my wedding ! Snappy processor , responsive touchscreen , rock stable no freezing/crashing thus far . Has now replaced my aged book size HTPC/Media Server , no fan so even quieter than the old setup . Con : mostly Nitpick and to be expected given the price point .  .  . Super slow charging , especially if you're using it while trying to charge it . Screen , keyboard , and touchpad are too small to be a good full time laptop . Screen gets washed out when outside , keyboard key take too much pressure to press and too long to travel back , the touchpad is unrefined and the right/left click takes too much pressure to press . 
  Ok , people , I am in love . Easy set up , great wifi function , fast , cute , sleek and glossy . What's not to rave about ? I love the split screen feature . Not sure why they call it snap , but I love it . Right now I'm typing this on the hard keyboard while checking email on the left hand side of the screen and listening to my favorite slack key guitar artist , Makana . What is not to love ?  !  ? I find it good looking and of solid quality . YE , you can easily tether it to your window phone or other phone and use your phone wifi data plan . The manual is always available and easy to read . make a great book reader .  .  . shaped and about the same size as a hardback and easy to hold . The display is beautiful and great for viewing photo and Facebook . I think the Speaker are awesome . I've been using a Window 7 phone . This is way , way more fun ! I work remotely and needed a new laptop . When I saw this and that it comes with Word , I opted to try it because I've been wanting something portable , yet totally functional . I'm very happy that I leapt ! I'll keep using my old laptop for photo storage , etc .  , but will use this for everything else . No , nothing is perfect and the right shift key on the board sucks . I keep hitting page up and having to correct , but with all this has going for it , it's very easy to overlook this minor flaw . I have pretty big hand for a woman and other than that one key , the keyboard is very easy and fun to use . 
  I love this asu ! It's compact , yet functional . I have installed program on this via the internet no CD/DVD Rom . The program work well with the version of window 8 this thing run , plus allows you to use touch feature . It was recommended to me to buy the Microsoft Surface 2 Pro , because of what I wanted to do with it . This does those thing , and has a solid state drive , for much less cost ! Love , love , love this !  ! 
  A perfect gadget for me . Light , portable but also quick and powerful . Much better than an ipad . I can connect it with smart TV , I can work like a normal laptop , I have usb output . But also I can use it a a tablet , lying on the sofa , or in an airplane . Perfect solution for trip as well , as it is very lightweighted and its battery longs 10 hour . Ony negative the lack of many interesting application in the Microsoft store
  As my company is giving us 'unlimited' vacation day in 2014 , and as I'm taking a couple of week off the rest of this year , I was looking for a really light yet powerful laptop where I could do some m Office , work , web surfing , playing a few game and watch movie . I spent week debating between Chromebook not powerful enough , 11 . 6 inch laptop and a normal sized laptop . Then I came across this and realized I could get a full window tablet and laptop in one and after taking a week or two to get used to it , I'm finding I'm really enjoying it . Having a full window 8 . 1 o is tremendous . Getting a full version of m Office is tremendous . I can do anything I normally do on my desktop though admittedly I haven't tried a really graphic intensive game yet . Transitioning between laptop and tablet is really simple . The only real downside is a serious lack of app . After using an Android tablet for a couple of year , you realize that window has next to nothing . I'm hoping that they'll quickly start to get more because that's the one thing holding the window tablet back . They're really quite powerful and being able to switch between the tile mode and normal desktop is very helpful . It does take some getting used to if you're an Apple or Android user , but once you play around with it for a while you'll enjoy it . 
  I purchased last year's asu TF810C with the Atom Clover Trail processor and was disappointed with the speed of some app . Although I could run everything on the old processor , not everything would run fast or well , but the T100 with the Bay Trail chip hasn't had a problem running anything . Strangely enough , the TF810C couldn't even run Git well , but the T100 doesn't have any trouble with Git or any of my other programming tool . I'm happy with my purchase , but I wish the screen wasn't so dim , which is why I can't give it 5 star . The brightness is ok in a dark room , but in a well lit room , it is a problem . It also doesn't have a Wacom digitizer like the TF810C , but I didn't use that much anyway and will probably get the new Sony A4 when it becomes available in the state as a stand alone device for note taking anyway . At this price , you simply can't go wrong buying the T100 . 
  I just got T100 yesterday , and overall , I am pretty pleased . One of the key Advantage to this computer is its portability . I wanted to get a carrying case which would hold both the tablet and keyboard and have a storage pocket or two to hold charger , external hard drive , earbud , etc .  , but I did not want a bulky case or a case which increased the unit's footprint considerably , thereby reducing its portability . I have an older asu netbook and compared it to the T100 and found that they are virtually identical in dimension . As such , any carrying case specifically proportioned for a netbook should be perfect for the T100 . I bought a netbook carrying case yesterday from Office Depot , and it fit the unit and its keyboard perfectly and had a couple of storage compartment as well . 
  First of all , when I had originally received this device I was on the fence about it . Now that I've played with it some time , I've fallen in love with it . PLEASE PLEASE NOTE : I was having issue with it running out of memory 2gb isn't much . I had to install a program to free up some resource . I used Tune Up utilitie Fantastic software , Im sure there free stuff out there .  , and boy did it make a huge difference . Battery life seems longer as well as it seems even snappier . I used to run into issue playing game , now everything is buttery smooth . Pro : USB in keyboard is fantastic . Have a hub plugged into it equipped with a G930 USB stick Razer naga and it run fine . USB 3 . 0 is a plusScreen is ip . Snappy without the bloatware . Can play game like World of Warcraft and League of Legends with playable framerate . MicroHDMI out . Con : ATK , asu live update , and Webstorage takes up ton of load for this device . So does microsoft office and student . Skype in window 8 . 1is horrible . Had to get desktop versionNo High performance profile in the battery . Overall I love the device ! The device puts out no heat and work like a charm
  I got mine for over a week and is loving it . The power button need some getting used to . m office work great for me . I don't understand why some people need to install m Office again . It is already pre installed . Put in a 64G micro SD from Sandisk and I have plenty of working space now . This little tablet is responsive . Battery is great . I can play with it for the whole day . There is nothing better at this price range . You can almost do everything on this little tablet . I highly recommend it . UPDATE : 12/2/13 Just got SPICE running on this little thing and the CPU clock was up to 1 . 82GHz . It didn't get hot . I was still able to do everything else because I still have 3 other core to work with . node = 6432 elements= 31620 It didn't use up all the memory neither . It is quite a large circuit for this little t100 . It is not as fast as my old desktop but .  .  . it is acceptable . Amazing !  !  ! 
  Just like many other people here I bought a asu Transformer Book . After just about a week , I performed a window update and it locked the tablet . After resetting to factory default it still will not boot up . I call technical support and within the first two minute of my call the technical support guy gave up trying to solve the issue an told me to send it in for repair . This within two minute . He didn't even try to help . After arguing with him for several minute he admitted there were some thing that he could help me try . I tried his fixe and nothing helped . Its still a dead brick . I think I will return and get a refund instead of sending to asu . I once respected them and their product . But the bad technical support with having a dead computer after a few day has made me think twice . And do not even get me started on window 8 . 1 .  .  .  .  .  . 
  While the tablet is very good for its budget , the lack of choice in the app store is quite annoying . The keyboard is also too small for most people to use . During initial set up , the tablet was very laggy . While I find all of this to be acceptable mainly because of the price , My tablet somehow uninstalled my network driver , forcing me to use an SD card to transfer the driver over from another computer , which took me a few hour to do including troubleshooting , etc Overall , this tablet have a lot of issue , but the reason why I gave it a one star is because the keyboard stopped working about less than 2 day . My tablet does not recognize it at all . Also the tablet came with little bump and mark on the back cover which are strange because it was suppose to be a new tablet . So far it have been about 3 day since I used the tablet , and so many problem have already popped up . If you don't mind dealing with them , this is a great tablet , but if you do , there are much better alternative out there for a much lower price . 
  As with every purchase I drove those around me crazy with my research . After day of reading countless review and making my decision on what I wanted from a tablet/laptop , I pulled the trigger on the asu and it arrived in two day love Amazon Prime ! As stated in the instruction and in review , I plugged in my new toy and let it charge for 8 hour before turning it on . Check . After somewhat patiently waiting , it was time to turn on my lil bundle of new tech happiness .  .  . or so I thought . I turned on the system and quickly made my way through the initial setup . At first , I thought this was necessary to use the keyboard as it did not yet work . Well , turn out this is not the case . The problem is the tablet portion would not stay seated in the keyboard dock . I had to reseat it about 10 time for it to actually work .  .  . for about ten second .  .  . and then that nice little sound would go off ; the one indicating connection between the keyboard and tablet was lost this sound would later haunt me in my dream that night . So I re seated it , again .  .  . and again .  .  . and again .  .  .  .  . aaaand again . At first this was really frustrating and certain colorful adjective were thrown , but then it became a game to see who could adjust the tablet portion the least before causing the disconnect . Next issue , I did not notice it initially on a light background , but as I switched back and forth between light and dark background , I noticed what looked like a star saying hello .  .  . but alas , it was not a star , rather a dead pixel . At first I thought I could over look this , but much like a squirrel to a dog , it constantly caught my attention and I could not avoid looking at it think about the principal in movie Uncle Buck and you'll know what I mean . Finally , the system seemed to run a bit on the slower side after two or three application were opened . I realize it only has 2 Gb of memory , but the app running were not that intensive and should not have caused that much stress to to the system . OK , one more thing and this is no fault of the tablet , but worth mentioning . If you are in the market for a tablet or PC that play well with the cool kid app , you may want to reconsider using a window based tablet/PC . Microsoft attempt to make carbon copie of a lot of today's popular app , but fails miserably in execution . I hope this helps and I wish you well in your search for tablet/laptop utopia . However , based on my experience , it is not found in this product .  .  . or my house . The person we all know and love as the up driver is taking this lil rain cloud back to Amazon .  .  . and my search for tablet bliss begins once again . 
  I loved this product and was a big fan of asu until I had to deal with support . I paid 450 , knowing the average price was less because I needed the Transformer before tax season . 82 day into tax season and on the fifth time that I docked the tablet to the keyboard the screen cracked from the left port and spider up to the right in front of my eye . Dealing with asu has been a very slow arduous process . It took me four call to get an RMA number as ASUS's system was down . All four agent seem to be reading from a script and stated that I needed to return the product and would not listen to the fact of the case . They all just stated that there could be a potential charge and I would have to call back when the system was up . They would not let me speak with a supervisor and said that I had to return the product before they could elevate the case . Well , I crossed my finger and sent the product back on April 3 , 2014 . I enclosed a letter explaining what happened , provided proof that I purchased a protective case and assured them that the product was not mishandled given there was not one scratch or dent on any surface of the product . After checking several time with support , I finally got an email on April 17 , 2014 stating that there would be a 137 charge to fix and return the product . Given that I did not drop the tablet , had it in a protective cover and knew that I did not cause the crack , I called back today and asked if I could now speak with a supervisor since I had followed the instruction to first return the product . Support Megan was very pleasant and said not to worry that a case manager could handle the review . She put me at ease , but when I requested to be transfer to the case manager ; Megan said unfortunately she is not available . To complicate matter the email that I received stated that if I did not pay for the repair by 4/21 in 4 day asu would return my product without repair . Megan stated that it would take 2 4 business day for the case manager to return my call and she would ensure that the product was not returned until a case manager looked at my product , but given that no one else had this problem she was not hopeful . Now I have a very bad feeling that no one will be looking into my case , the computer were never down , and I will have wasted 28 shipping the product back to asu . So now , I am close to 500 out of pocket . I did a search and found that other had the same issue and several review had pointed out the poor construction of the screen . In retrospect , I should have taken it to a local shop for repair as it would have been cheaper , but given I was sure that asu would honor the warranty given the fact , I wasted the money on the postage that would have paid 50% of the cost to repair it locally . I am sorry to say that I own all asu product and given how my case has been handled , I am now faced with the harsh reality of buying a back up computer as I use them all for business . If I encountered this problem with all my system during tax season , I would be out more than just a computer I would have lost my business . Very disappointed with asu and I will be pressed to recommend them in the future . 
  Well let me start by saying the good thing : Light weight , good viewing angle , great battery life and good plus to have the keyboard with the tablet when you buy it . Now the bad thing : Mini HDMI and USB port are very close together so if you want to connect an HDMI adapter and connect the USB at the same time you can u2019t . As many of the buyer I opened up my transformer , great speed while opening up window and started working the battery lasted the entire day and then u2026 . Welcome to window Update , the tablet restarted and couldn u2019t complete the installation and tried to uninstall the Update and as many of you unable to pass the window boot screen . Tried to refresh and reset , nothing worked . Called asu and they told me there are no rescue disk for this device so in case you want to do a fresh install you can u2019t . I am guessing doing a backup image when you start the tablet first can be helpful to restore it . asu help was useless advised me to send it to service or return it to the store . So I returned the tablet back its useless now . If it had an option to restore to original window I could have done that and disabled all Update . I would buy it again because it is a good price for what you get , just making sure I have a proper backup image to restore it . In case I get a new one , I u2019ll update this review . 
  i have had this a week now and for me this is fantastic . i was nervous because i use sage act and that program is a system hog or atleast was , however it run great on this machine . if you are a road warrior then i believe you will love it . key board is small though and will take some getting used to . 
  I purchased the 32gb model which had worked well for me , everything on the unit felt great especially the touchpad . They keyboard took a little while to get used to but now its fine and i can do about 60 wpm . The screen is bright and look very clear , i wish it was higher re but for the price its excellent . The speed for general office use is perfect and boot speed is quick . Its great to have a full window so this Feel to be a laptop . It does not weight much either . Its thin too even with the keyboard . I was tempted to not buy it because of all the review . But i now realize they were just soooooo picky . Complain about anything . They must be expecting a mercede for the price . I decided to return mine and get the 64gb model . This model actually has some issue as when i shut it down the camera led will stay on . I think a bio update may fix it or a reinstall . But the 32gb model was superb . 
  This is a review of the T100TA specifically the less expensive one without the hard drive in the dock . I want everything on the tablet itself ! Why have an ipad or other non window tablet when you can have it all on this wonderful device , which is a tablet or laptop at will the keyboard pops on and off in a second . Its 10 inch screen is larger than an ipad or kindle 8 . 9 , though a similar weight 1 . 2 lb . Although it has a touchpad , I rarely use it touching the screen takes the place of moving and clicking the mouse . To right click , hold the touch longer . If there are several selection close together , your finger may seem too large to select the one you want , but as long as your touch is centered on the selection it will work . Or use a capacitive touch stylus . I use this wonderful wifi tablet for email , shopping , googling , and even real work when away from my desktop . For folk who don't like window 8 . 1 , all you do when you see the colorful screen full of tile icon is tap the Desktop tile . When on the desktop or elsewhere , to change setting or shut down , swipe inwards from the right edge of the screen charm . If you ever get stuck within window 8 . 1 screen , press alt/F4 to exit . The 10 inch screen is great for reading PDF ebook , such as those found on google book , internet archive , and reading site such as oliphantfiction dot com . The best PDF reader when using it as a tablet is probably SumatraPDF . Touch or make a slight swipe to the right to page forward ; make a slight swipe to the left to page backward ; touch with two finger to swap it in or out of reading mode . Also if you enlarge the page with a finger/thumb gesture , the larger page size will be retained when you page forward , which some PDF reader don't do . You can still read kindle ebook using Kindle for PC . Added 5 30 2014 : This device support Widi meaning you can wirelessly beam a video onto your HDTV . If the HDTV has Widi built in , you don't need anything else . If not , make sure your HDTV has a free HDMI port , then buy something like the Actiontec Screenbeam Pro see my review . Almost forgot to mention a battery life issue : Battery life should be about 11 hour . If the battery seems to be draining quickly , even when not in use , the bio may need updating . The first part is easy go to the asu T100TA download and download bio 304 and the utility Winflash window bio flash utility . There is nothing to run in the traditional way . Updating the bio takes many precise step . If you phone asu for support they will walk you through it . There are several step where you need to hold down a key for minute at a time don't release until told to . If you are totally non technical , you can mail in the T100TA to be upgraded . 
  I have had this laptop for the past 3 week . This laptoo work amazing . The processing speed is lightening fast . Booting time is quick about 5 10 second to the log in screen . Touch screen work smoothly . I havn't had a problem with the keyboard or the laptop itself . Getting used to the keyboard took about 1 2 hour of typing . I was able to run skype , youtube , microsoft word , itune , and a web flashplayer game all at one time . Device still ran smoothly . Overall , this is a great laptop for the price . Would deffinately recommend it to a friend . 
  I bought the 64GB version initially and gifted it to my brother and then bought the 32GB 500GB version for myself later . The screen was better than I expected and everything worked with no issue . I got Photoshop , Lightroom , and many other desktop application on it . Beware that the metro app will only install to your C : drive so watch out for that 32GB C drive space . At least asu didn't created a recovery partition on 32GB model as they do on 64GB one , instead they put in a separate recovery prom . So far I found 32GB sufficient but I also have a 32GB TF card as D drive . One gripe is that the TF card stick out too much and its easy to accidentally knock it out and lose it . This issue was solved by putting it in IVSO leather case which is pretty good . I could even dock it with the case on although the screen dust cover flap then hang behind the tablet . But it becomes less unwiedly once folded into a stand . The main complain I have is with the charging connector not just for this but for any device that use these micro USB connector as they are really hard to plug in . And YE as everyone else has said , the home/volume button sucks very hard to push . It does not come with a full manual but you can download one from asu website and its excellent . Taught me new window 8 usage just fine . Overall this is a killer package very functional and an excellent value . 
  I am old school . I can barely text on my iphone with the touchscreen . I never thought I could type on a tablet with a touchscreen so I bought this notebook that has the detachable keyboard as touchscreen 'training wheels' . I love it .  .  . and I use it without the keyboard almost as much as with it . I bought a leather case to protect the screen for when I do take it to go without the keyboard . The battery lasts sufficiently long enough without a recharge throughout the day . The speed is also good enough to stream movie . I love it . Perfect purchase . 
  The tablet sees my strong wireless signal but failed to connect to my wireless network . I spent 6 hour researching , updating the Broadcom wireless driver , change various setting and resetting the tablet to factory setting 3 time so far to try different combination of driver and network setting and it still did not connect to my wireless network . I am a techie , set up my own network and have 1 desktop running Ubuntu/Windows , 2 laptop running window 7 , 1 laptop running XP , 2 iPad , 1 Galaxy Tab tablet , 1 Galaxy s3 and 1 s4 phone , 1 Airave VoIP , all on the same network peacefully and everything work , but not the T100 . The folk on the Transformer Forum were exceptional in their effort to research and help each other to solve similar problem with wifi connection or the lack of it and its stability . When you see 175 post just on this forum alone on this topic since February 2014 , you know that this is a persistent problem . The asu Support web site provided the Update for bio and various driver for the same issue . However , there are no release note as noted by member of the Transformer Forum so it's hard to tell which problem are being solved by which driver . asu has a automatic update facility but it only work if you are connected to the Internet and since the T100 does not have an Ethernet port and wireless connection does not work , you are out of luck . I tried to contact asu online chat but they are not available due to the weekend schedule . Will give it one more try by calling asu Monday night but if the call does not resolve the wifi connection issue , I have no choice but returning it to Amazon . I would definitely appreciate a call from asu Support who could help me to resolve the wireless connection problem . *** June 4th Update ***ASUS Tech did not call me back so I decided to completely wipe the machine and reload everything from scratch , twice , and it now work like a charm . I suspect that window 8 and the asu T100 together is potentially still a hit or miss kind of installation given the feedback of other . The laptop has been working very well since I reloaded window 8 from scratch . Below are a few observation and tip : 1 . Make sure that the screen docks into the keyboard in one smooth and firm motion holding top of the screen with one hand and the dock hinge with the other hand and push them against each other , otherwise not all of the contact are made and you need to enter the password using the screen instead of the keyboard . 2 . Some user already mentioned this , the keyboard is not the most stable and is prone to sliding around on hard surface desk , table , airplane tray since it rests on 2 very tiny raised plastic ridge part of the docking hinge . I am planning to get 2 small rubber bump stop and stick them next the plastic ridge to stop the machine from sliding around . asu could improve this simple design next time by doing the same . 3 . The screen does not open wide enough as a typical laptop would . This is a compromise to prevent the screen , being heavier than the keyboard , to tip the whole thing over . You could raise the table or lower your chair for better viewing angle or simply visit a local computer store to see if you could live with it . 4 . The machine is fast even with window 8 , file save and retrieval is pleasantly fast I ordered a 64 GB micro SD card to save file . I would also recommend ordering a 16 GB USB drive the partition will not back itself onto a 16 GB micro SD card to back up the window 8 restore partition for safe keeping . Once backed up , you can remove the partition to free up space on the 64 GB main memory . 5 . For those of us who don't have or don't want to buy an external DVD drive to install software which come on CD ROM , you could set up the T100 to be part of your home network which has another computer with the CD ROM drive available and access the drive from your T100 to install your software . I installed Quicken this way and it saved me money and a trip to the store to buy an external drive . 6 . Given the installation glitche I had , I have not updated the bio until I am done with what I need to do right now . Hopefully the update will lengthen battery life . I am upgrading my feedback to 4 star . Best balance of portability and functionality , reasonable price point and hopefully durability . 
  Battery life is standard when not hooked up to keyboard . But otherwise is just laughable . apparantly this is a known issue but I didnt hear about it until i bought one , you have to send it To asu to get it fixed . and there no way im doing that with a new product . 
  I bought the asu Transformer for a small portable laptop to take note on in college . I bought mine refurbished and I am pleased with the quality of the laptop . The only design flaw I have found is that the screen only opens to a 95 degree angle when attached to the keyboard and when opened fully the back rubber pad do not touch the table or desk . This make the laptop slide around a bit . Word of warning though , the refurbished laptop do not come with Microsoft word whether or not it says they do . Other than that it's a great little laptop . 
  This is a good little machine . Everything I expected for the money . My only complaint would be screen size , but for a small travel hybrid computer it's great . 
  First , I guess I should say that Apple's iDevice are more elegant with their glass and aluminum case and near foolproof interfiace . But beyond that , a similar iPad would cost nearly 200 more and NOT have a physical keyboard or hard drive . So , value point definitely go to the asu T100 and window 8 . 1 . Win 8 is definitely better than Android , although the window app store is somewhat pathetic . So many of the app that I have on both my io and Android device are not available from window . But taking the previous caveat into consideration , I love my new notebook/tablet . For one thing , there is an actual delete key not just a backspace key that is called delete on the physical keyboard , something that is not available on either Apple or Android . Plus this use the same file system as all other window computer and as such make adding and managing music , document and other file really easy , especially when I have been using PC's for more than 20 year . Only four star due to plastic construction and sad app store , but well the money in every other aspect . If you are looking for a small notebook that can also double as a tablet , look no farther . This is the real deal !  !  ! UPDATE 4 29 2014 Be careful when downloading or installing third party program from any source other than the app store . I downloaded and installed Firefox and set it as the default juat as I have done with any other window computer I have ever used . This basically crashed the machine and I had to look on line to find out how to completely reset the T100 to factory spec . Thankfully this worked and my notebook is just fine again . My review does stay the same four star . Just be careful and only get app from the pathetic window app store . 
  It's hard to know where to begin cause this device is full featured and does so much . I guess i'll start by saying that the keyboard and mouse are better than I expected and don't feel cheap and neither does the tablet , overall the device Feel very sturdy and beefy , I was expecting it to be light as a feather , have no weight and feel cheap , couldn't have been further from the truth , this thing Feel quality and to me that mean alot . The tablet snaps in the base really clean with a little pressure , which make it more deep and secure . The tablet does not outweigh the keyboard it sits level and doesn't tip backwards like I thought it may , it's solid . window 8 . 1 itself is dreamy great and smooth install , just a few setting and it's running , no bloatware only 3 program running after full install including feature such as cloud storage . 37 GB storage left after full install . game and application can be installed to an additional MicroSD if you decide to buy one , I installed Steam to the MicroSD and a few game and they run fast and fluid off the MicroSD . I've only run a few game on the device so far , but what I have ran has run well such as Minecraft , Terraria and Guild War are all very playable and in the 20 30 fp zone with maxed graphic and resolution . I may amend this review later to include more game testing but since it run what I wanted it's all i'm including in this review , needless to say it is adequate and will run some decent game and the game it run look and are much better than android game obviously . The main reason I bought this though was for the included Microsoft Office Home and Student which not only is pre installed , but comes with the official seal of purchase serial sticker in the package , so you just enter the serial code and keep and you're good to go , very easy . It also comes with an official warranty serial sticker included inside the manual for proof of ownership which is great . Also the screen is bright and the sound is great , both better than expected . This thing is worth the money , really nothing more to say . It doesn't feel cheap , it does everything a laptop does and has the convenience of also being a tablet .  .  .  . a window 8 . 1 tablet that is .  .  .  . that you can detach and walk around the house while you do spreadsheet , watch a movie or continue a game while you do other thing , that alone is worth the price of admission . 
  Just got this yesterday . Have a Toshiiba Thrive tablet that I've had nothing but problem with and a larger laptop that I wanted to downsize . After pricing and seeing how expensive the Surface was I went with this much cheaper , yet similar laptop tablet combo that seemed to have all the same feature I'd want with the Surface Pro 2 , included keyboard and included Office The Pro 2 gave you Office for a year . Found this a breeze to set up , keyboard attaches/detache very easily . Connecting to the internet is smooth and quick biggest issue with my Thrive was how sluggish it was to go online . The keyboard seems solid with my only complaint being that the mouse/touchpad part of it seems a little flimsy but I am using a wireless mouse with it so that's not an issue . I could have sworn when I was first checking thing out that the screen did indeed auto rotate for me but last night when I wanted to settle down to read a book from my Kindle App it would not rotate and I started to look for some auto rotate feature and could not find anything anywhere . This morning when I got up I looked through the question people have asked about the product and some asked if this auto rotates and the answer was YE but mine wasn't doing that . So I did an online search and found a asu Transformer forum where many were having this issue and found out how to get it to do that again . Here's the cut and pasted solution for any having this issue : IT IS A SIMPLE FIX First trick of troubleshooting : Device Manager>InvenSense Sensor Collection>Disable>EnableShould work like normalLittle rotation lock above brightness slider reappears If you notice , the last line says the little rotation lock above the brightness slider reappears . That was the case with me as well , that was gone until I did the fix so any reading this and thinking why didn't she just unlock it , well , the option to do that was not showing up . Kind of weird but at least there is a fix . I'd give this five star if it wasn't for that issue , shouldn't have had to go searching the web to find a way to turn my auto rotation back on and there is definitely an issue when it's messing up and the option to turn it back on disappears from view . In comparison to my Toshiba Thrive , this thing Feel so much better . app that are available in both the window App Store and Google Play app store are working much smoother than they were on my Thrive and not booting me out . I can't get a Candy Crush app from window but I can at least go to my Facebook page on this and play it . I could get a Candy Crush app on my Thrive but I couldn't play it because it would freeze up on me immediately and boot me out no matter how many time I uninstalled it and reinstalled it . And my Kindle app work much better too . Very pleased with this ! 
  I had my really nice i7 laptop stolenand i needed something to fill the void until i can get a new one . after hour of searching going to best buy talking to the geek squad i decided on this one . the t100 H1 not the C1 or the B1 the differnce being they are just the 32 or 64 ssd the H1 is a 32 with a 500gb hdd in the keyboard . all the review on here are complaining about the battery and blah blahMy first charge before turning it on was 12 hour that doesn't bother me because u do this with all my electronicsand in Regard to it not turning on for age when the battery run out it is true but dont let your battery run out plug the charger in before it happensand YE the battery does take a while to charge but we have gotten so used to these turbo charging device of today's technology just charge it at night when you go to be when you wake up in the morning its finished . This is a fantastic little 2 in 1 tablet it has full window none this RT b .  lot of storage in the keyboard and a usb 3 . 0 it use a regular smartphone charger which is awesome none of this 40pin b .  so my old S4 charger work with it this explains the slow charging speed but i rather the convenience of any smart phone charger then a faster charge . it only has a 720 display but that fine you dont really notice too much unless its side by side . I got this tablet to be a nice portable travel device and web browser so when i get my new i7 laptop it will be a good duo . if your wanting something that has more computing power go with the surface pro . over all , I love this thing , and everything that is wrong with it is everybody just bellyaching for no reason . if this is what you are looking for you wont regret it . 
  Sometimes a Notebook , some a tablet , EXCELLENT !  !  !  !  , but not so . USB port on tablet good ONLY for charging , not for data or anything else Micro SD exposed , not flush or recessed , will jump out if touched . BE CAREFUL not all program will zoom in/out with finger window issue
  I missed a back lit button to indicate cap Lock . I downloaded keyboard led . work great . The headphone jack is a 3 . 5mm TRRS that will not work with an old school microphone or headphone and can not accept line in signal .  . I purchased one of these http : //www . amazon . com/dp/B003MN1LTQ/ref=cm_gift_hist_link . The 2 . 29 USB External Sound Card Audio Adapter worked with no configuration and enabled the use of TRS headphone , a microphone and line in recording . I installed Classic Shell to restore the window start button . System performance has been good . I deducted a star because Office 2013 performance with the tablet detached from the dock has been buggy . 
  Love , love , love this itty bitty computer . I was looking for something with a dual purpose : a laptop for writing and an e reader . The asu Transformer Book was great for this . It came loaded with Microsoft Office software including Word and also Kindle , plus a bunch of other stuff . The screen detaches easily for me to use as an e reader or tablet . I thought the smaller keyboard may be a problem , but it wasn't . However , if you have big hands/finger , this could be a problem for you . People at my local library are jealous of my Transformer Book . A friend was able to plug in her thumb drive for me to get some file to edit for her . Worked great . Plus , found out that my husband can watch Netflix on our larger TV screen while I watch something else through Netflix on my Transformer . I also use it to surf the web . I like the freedom of sitting anywhere in the house or outside or the library , and not being tied down to a desk . 
  Which company make an entry level 10 inch window 8 . 1 tablet complete with docking keyboard for at least 150 less than comparable model of other competitor ? asu ! This is my first time purchasing an asu product and thus far I am extremely pleased . This tablet exceeds my expectation . I have no complaint since I bought the T100 32 gig model a little over a week now . All function of this device work well from battery , to charging time , the precision and responsiveness of the touch screen , the touch pad , etc . Overall , the performance of this tablet is excellent , it's very speedy running app as well as full size software program although I have not installed any heavy duty resource consuming software program either , but with Intel's newest Bay Trail quad core processor , I don't anticipate having any issue for every day computing task using typical software application including Microsoft game like solitaire and mahong . I also have a 7inch android tablet that has an Nvidia Tegra 3 quad core processor which run superbly fast , but I needed and wanted a larger screen window 8 tablet with similar hardware spec of my android device . So quad core processor , at least 2 gig of ram , bluetooth , mini or micro hdmi port etc . And then , getting a docking keyboard along with a full size USB port is a definite plus along with m office home and student as part of the package . This sealed the deal for me . I really enjoy using window 8 on a tablet , whereas before when I used window 8 on non touch PC's I did not like the experience so much . Now that I am using the T100 tablet/laptop , I can appreciate the logic of the hybrid o design that Microsoft created because I am essentially using a hybrid touch screen device thus unleashing the full capabilitie of window 8 and this has resulted in a positive end user experience for me . I have been using this tablet every day since I bought it ! It's hard to put it down and now I am not even interested in using my older high end dell laptop with window 7 or my high performing android tablet anymore . For those of you who do not feel comfortable typing on the smaller T100 keyboard and this will mostly be guy I recommend using a full size Bluetooth keyboard . At least you could use a full size Bluetooth keyboard at home , although it may not be practical for travel . I paired one of my bluetooth keyboard to test the bluetooth feature on the tablet and it worked like a charm . I have not experienced any adverse hardware issue at this point , knock on wood . Overall the asu Transformer T100 is a lovely gem of a tablet for the price ! 
  This is a great little device . Keyboard attachment is very solid . Love that , unlike many other hybrid , the keyboard and dock are solid , so you can use it on your lap . A hybrid like Surface seems to mostly come with flexible keyboard cover , so you need to place them on a solid surface like a desk . Setup went well , battery life seems good . took a star off for two reason . First , one time it seemed to not properly go to sleep , and the battery completely discharged from about 80% full to dead while the device was not in use , over the course of a couple day . It should have gone to sleep . Second , the micro SD card wasn't working right for copying a large number of file to it after a few minute of copying file slowly , it threw an error message and stopped . After I copied the file to the card , I was able to access them and update them from the slot , but for the actual copying to the card I had to use a USB adapter . 
  First of all , I have to say that I did not buy my asu T100 on Amazon . com but I still wanted to write a review here . I've had my asu T100 tablet for about 2 week now and I am so happy with it . I'm glad I did a lot of research prior to making a purchase because I got the right product . The product is compact but still Feel like and work like a computer that I can get real work done on . I already have an Ipad , but I have office work to do using Microsoft Office and the Ipad doesn't do the job . I was able to load my Microsoft Office 2010 package as well as a couple of other software package . The choice to type or touch the screen work well and the T100 is small enough for me to turn it sideways to read document without removing the keyboard if I don't want to . The only thing I'm disappointed about is that my USB modem doesn't work when plugged into the USB on this tablet . From my internet research , I've found that this is the case with other tablet too , not just the asu T100 . I already have a Cradlepoint Personal Hotspot that I purchased on Amazon . com that work with my USB modem so I will have to carry the hotspot at all time . Not a problem . I had not heard of asu prior to shopping around . I'm really glad I found the asu T100 . It is a great product . 
  I was thinking of buying a surface but came across this asu doing some research . I am very happy with this purchase and glad I did not spend the much more money for the surface this little device work super great . I love the portability the lightness and the power of this device . It also holds a charge like nothing else . I am very happy . I take with me often and get work and personal thing done easily and quickly . Love asu and happy they made this little power house device . 
  I've had it for 2 month and now really liking it . I had trouble at first because this was my first tablet/laptop and I don't think I'll ever get used to the new version of Office/Excel .  .  .  . wish they had never changed that ! window 8 is great and fast . Love some of the software that comes already set up on it . I did print out the manual for reference . Love the long charge time . the tablet is great for reading I was an avid book reader Never thought I would enjoy reading from a tablet ! 
  I wanted to get one of the new laptop that convert into tablet or tablet that turn into laptop whatever they are . I wanted one with a real keyboard , not the cheap Microsoft entry level pressure one , but one with real key that move when you push down . I checked out the Microsoft tablet as well as Dell and bought this one at Best Buy because they had a better price than Amazon 399 as opposed to more than 450 . All my other review on Amazon are regarding purchase I made on Amazon I wasn't going to buy the low end Microsoft tablet because they didn't run full window 8 . 1 , as this one does , and didn't have full m Office as this one does . This is a great buy . I have had none of the problem discussed in prior review and have had the tablet/laptop for 2 month . The keyboard is great and I love being able to use it as a tablet for my Kindle and Amazon prime movie . I use it also for work when I commute on my morning bus ride . It's so nice to have such a small footprint with such an easy to use keyboard . In order to get a similar laptab my word I would have had to purchase the Microsoft Pro 2 with the upgraded keyboard . Much more than twice the amount that I paid . 
  I had my tablet for two week when I noticed a couple of black pixel . I called for support and was told it would be repaired within 5 to 7 business day . No other condition were mentioned . It has now been 30 business day . asu claim to be waiting on a part . They cannot tell me when repair will done and they refuse to send a replacement unit warranty state repair or replace . They say it could be another 3 day or another 3 month . Anyway I would think twice before sending anything into repair . 
  I LOVE this product but it has some VERY significant and KNOWN bug with the unit that make it useless as a business tool . There is a serious defect with the power charging/battery circuit that absolutely brick the computer and there is no way to fix it . It appears to be fairly random and it randomly heals itself as well . asu tech that I spoke with recognized that it is a known problem but was not able to confirm that they have identified a fix for the problem . Having worked as a failure analysis electrical engineer in the defense industry , I was very disappointed to hear from the tech that there was no identified corrective action for this problem yet . Unfortunately , I didn't read review on this product before buying but after reading the plethora of bad review , it is clear that this is a widespread problem . I am now sending the unit back to asu and hoping that they have identified a reliable corrective action before they send it back to me . I would NOT recommend this product to other at this time . 
