  The 5 star rating is as much for the seller Mega Mobile as it is for the phone . The phone is a true RM 821 international unlocked . It look like it came from HK . Everything is in Chinese even the documentation . Took me only a couple of minute to remove the Chinese setting , and replace it with English , and another language . It seems that the phone support just about any language , and it's really easy to change language setting . for some language , it requires a download , but with wi fi it's not an issue . What can I say , the phone is incredible , very responsive , has okia Drive , Office , a great camera , . .  . the list is too long to write here . The phone is great . but trying to buy the phone was a very frustrating experience . Amazon has a page with one phone specification , and several seller . Unfortunately some seller try to sell you an AT&T ; unlocked for an international version . I found that it's very important for reviewer to start the review with the seller , what was ordered , and what was received . This will tremendously help people who want to buy the international version had contact with 4 sellers : 1 . Hollywood Merchandise fulfil by Amazon ; sold me an AT&T ; unlocked RM 820 it was advertised as international , factory unlocked . Returned the phone . Thank to Amazon , the process was painless got my money back right away . 2 . Mega Mobile ; sold me this phone , and it is as advertised international , factory unlocked , RM 821 In between I was in contact with : 1 . tablet Distributors ; As per their e mail to me they sell AT&T ; unlocked phones . 2 . Global Mobiles ; As per their e mail to me they sell international unlocked phone RM 821 that come from Europe . Their answer came after I ordered from Mega mobiles hope this helps , the potential buyer who like me want a okia Lamia 920 international factory unlocked , but are at a loss as to what seller to buy it from . Update 6/13/13 : The phone seems to have the latest updates ; o 8 . 0 . 10211 . 204 , firmware : 1232 . 5957 . 1308 . 0004 . One thing I forgot to mention about the seller , is that since the plug that was inside the okia box was incompatible with the U . S plug outlet . he added a U . S . adaptor plug inside the box he sent me nice touch . Update 11/21/13 : Several week ago I installed the Amber update . Made a Great phone even better . Can't wait for the next 2 update which will be available in the next few months liked the phone so much that I bought a second one for a family member . This time I bought the phone from 'The wireless circle' . The phone was as advertised international version RM 821 , and came several day ahead of schedule . This time the phone was from Czechoslovakia . Not a problem as it took only a couple of second to change to English I had already downloaded the English manual for the phone , and actually better for me as it came with an European plug it also have an US adaptor in the box . Update 1/16/14 : I would like to clarify few thing for potential buyers : 1 . There are no factory unlocked Lamia phone built for the U . S market . 2 . Due to the above , buying a factory unlocked Lamia phone in the U . S . is buying from a grey market . 3 . There is no warranty on those phone , and they are not sealed . 4 . These phone come from all over the world , and will be in the language of the intended market . Plus it will have some built in app put there by okia that target the local market the phone was intended for . That doesn't mean that the phone was used . 5 . Setting the phone to your desired language , downloading the user's guide in your desired language and removing the local app is a matter of minutes . 6 . The plug will be a plug for the intended market , but there will always be a U . S . adaptor in the box . That might one the reason why the box is not sealed have bought 4 Lamias 2x 720 and 2x 920 from Amazon received 6 , returned 2 one was defective , this other was AT&T ; unlocked . They came from all over ; Hong Kong , Germany , Taiwan , and Czechoslovakia . I am very happy with my purchase , and will do it agnat 320 the Lamia 920 has great spec and is a great deal . If you want to buy a Lamia phone , my advice is : 1 . Buy the phone fulfiled by Amazon . It might be a little more expensive , but if there is any problem Amazon is much easier to deal with I received my refunded Money before they received the phone , than if you buy it fulfil by any other seller . 2 . Even if you buy the phone fulfiled by Amazon , contact the seller to make sure that the phone he sells is what is advertised on the web page . 
  I ordered two new unlocked okia lamia 920 thru Heavy Duty electronics mentioned , when ordered , that those phone where for gift and should be presented on July 25 . Thanks to seller , I have got them before that date also asked seller to sell me additional adaptor and he sent me before July 25 without additional cost . Thank again to Heavy Duty Electronics . Great price and service . Recommend to everybody . 
  The Lamia 920 is a solid device . The built quality is amazing , and it feels like a tank . Is heavier than most average smartphone or even some babelet , but when holding it , you know it can't be broken easily . The interface is fluid and fresh , although the customisation option are limited to tile size and Chlorophora : Camera : the best smartphone camera I have seen in my life okia app and service : Specially map okia Here and camera related app . window Phone Marketplace : Many people complains about lack of app . I found everything I need mostly free and with no ad . Cons : No LED notification : coming from BB , this is something I really miss , and I don't know why this is a missing feature on almost every modern smartphone . Battery : It charge slow very slow , and discharge fast really fast . It took 3 hour to charge from 60% to 100% with a 2 amp wall charger . The discharge rate is more than 10% per hour with regular use , no automatic backups/update , low level screen brightness and only 2 backgroud app running , so I cannot get more than 10 hour of juice . WP8 still feels a little half baked . Hopefully MS fixe some glitche in the upcoming update . For example , inhability to close task more efficiently , the search soft button takes me to Bing , instead of search stuff inside the device , etc . Also , I must say that the seller Heavy Duty electronic gave me an excellent service . The device was exactly as advertised and came in a sealed box , 100% brand new , and factory unlocked . 
  Edit : this review was meant for okia Lamia 920 Unlocked GSM Phone BlackBefore I get to this lovely phone I'll like to help clear some stuff up for future purchasers ; First of all , this item has multiple seller . Secondly , not all seller are offering the factory unlocked Lamia 920 some are carrier branded unlocked phone . To cut a long story short , contact the seller you're interested in and find out more about what they're offering look at Philco's customer review here for a bit more insight , it's very helpful . Now back to my review ; The Seller , I bought mine from 'On the Go Solutions' and I'll heavily recommend them to other customer . They deliver on time , respond to question , and the phone I received was brand new and in good condition outlast for this brief time I've used it . And yes , it's RM 821 International factory unlocked ! ! ! The Phone , It's phantastic , camtastic , fantastic a speedy little monster this one , stronghead . . .  . well you get were I'm going with this . The phone is Amazing , my sister played with it briefly and now won't let me use it ; one was asking how come she has never heard of the Lamia or window phone before , seeing how great and fluid this phone is . unfact this fluidity is what has quite captivated them , that and the gorgeous user interface & hardware dozenths phone was announced on the 5th of September last year my birthday and today fate has finally caught up with it because it was always meant to be mine . SUMMARY : A truly wonderful phone . 
  I got 2 of these . Returned both . First time I got this product I was sure it was a mistake since it came in an already OPEN AT&T ; box . This is despite the fact that the description clearly says NOT AT&T ; Unlocked phone ! So I returned it and ordered it again . Got another used AT&T ; bookstand BUY . 
  I'm going to start by saying that I've tried to get a hold of this phone for month but haven't had the chance until now . I got mine from modicity . The phone came in dutch , but I was quickly able to switch it to english by using the google translator and selecting the right option . I configured the phone amazingly , the window 8 tablet I have doesn't support POP account , but the phone does had to migrate my contact to the hotmail account to get them on the phone used to be a blackberry user , and it was a little painful to switch and migrate the data . window Phone 8 consolidates all account and contact in the people tile and it takes some time to get used to this . I use WATSUP for chatting and there are some option in blackberry that are not found in the window Phone version , such as adding a number to an existing contact . One thing that I trying to do with it is change the tile's colour , not all of them but individually . For example , I have 4 email account and I would like to differentiate one from the other , but tile can all change from colour not individually . Another thing is that the volume button control all volume at the same time , including ring , speaker , notification , alarm , etc . Still , this phone rock . When I take it to meeting , people stare a it . It takes the best picture with low light I've ever seen . The grip is a little slippery . It has gotten away from my hand on 2 occasion already and I'm actively looking for a Kovrov's experience is great , gravity sensor is a little slow as it need the phone to be at a given angle before it will tilt the screen . 
  I ordered a okia lamia phone from on the go solution . the product came defected . after getting them to send me a return package which I had to pay for postage , they ended up refunding only part of the money I paid for the phone . guess what , on the go solution claim I mishandled the phone and that they will retain fifteen percent 15% of the money I paid . Surprisingly I returned the phone in the same condition as I received it . I never took the phone out of my room for even a second . to cut a long story short . Be wise and don't be a victim like me . You don't want to loose any percentage of your money , don't you ? I wont advise anyone to get from them
  Almost a year after buying this cell phone I'm writing this review , all I can say is this is the best smartphone I've ever had . .  . It's really well built and has passed over and over the dropping test without any indent , deformation , or screen shattering , gorilla glass has also lived up to expectation , the military grade/helicopter blade screen protector I bought for it only lasted about 3 month and i've had my screen unprotected ever since . .  . No scratch yet , battery life did feel short some time ago but after software updating that is no longer a problem , screen definition Is great , as well as sound output quality , all I can say is I'm really glad I decided to buy okia and would buy okia again if I ever have the need to change my smartphone , I'm very satisfied with this phone . 
  I believe unequivocally that it is the best cell phone I've had so far , okia also did well to use window phone that is a really efficient system that does not go by slow as one would install more app . simply amazing . My recommendation is to not buy a cell phone just for technical characteristic with high expectation , often as in this case this phone is good for the hardware and also to have a good operating system like window phone 8 . phone no more , no more android . 
  It's a AT&T ; phone . I had it shipped to me in South Korea . It is not unlocked . Cannot detect a network . The box was opened doover disappointed in Amazon allowing this feel cheated . . . . . . . Why do you allow this Amazon ? 
  There are a lot of comment on how people receive defected phone , I was aware of that . . . so I contact the seller , spent extra money just to ensure I get the right pennysiller Hansel Free Cell claimed that the phone is 1 . new 2 . sealed 3 . having no carrier Logo 4 . and unlocked . 1 . The phone isn't new , it has been opened sticker seal broke , for a long time already ! And everything is in Arabic or some other language . And the scary thing is that there are already some app on there , I suspect that the phone is not new and perhaps used , and plus , the phone has zero juice , which I charged a half hour just to get it turned on . 2 . The phone is not sealed , not as what seller told me on the e mail . 3 . The phone does not have carrier Logo on it , I truly appreciate that . 4 . The phone is unlock , by far , I think . There are so many seller that are selling this phone , many at even cheaper price , I bought it under false advertisement , I need an explanation . 
  It's a great cellphone and easy to use and very friendly , The only bad about lamia 920 is the battery . they wasted quickly
  very bad experience . Clearly it's not a brand new phone . . It seems to be a refurbished one . . Don't buy it ! !  ! And don't buy anything from this seller
  The internet review for this phone looked really good and so as my Blackberry was dying I decided to purchase one . Firstly it did not arrive by the guaranteed shipping date . It arrived 5 day later . I originally had it shipped to a friend's house but because it arrived 5 day late , he had left the country . So we had to convince the FedEx guy to allow the neighbour to sign for it then ship it to a new address , which had an additional cost attached to it . When I finally got the phone and opened it up , the manual was missing from the box maybe it was a used phone . When I finally loaded my SIM card and made the first call I realised the microphone was not working . Anyone interested in purchasing this phone , search for forum about microphone not working in Lamia 920 on the internet . Unfortunately I did not pick up on this earlier , the microphone has a noise reduction feature which sometimes cancels out your voice completely so the person on the other end does not hear you at all . Sure it work fine on speaker and viaticum because that use a different microphone . Apparently it is a design flaw in the Lamia 920 and okia doesn't seem to be doing anything about it . All those fancy feature yet the basic thing a phone is supposed to be able to do is allow you to make and receive call and the Lamia 920 is incapable of doing that . What a waste of money ! Disappointed ! 
  I loved the phone it was very cool and it had great feature , but I had to return it a moth after I got it . The screen showed a vertical line of dead pixel . I researched it and it's a common problem with this model Lamia 920 . The screen is gorgeous but have that problem . Other than that it's a great phone . 2 star since the screen failed . 
  The phone is an expensive phone and after one month of usage , the phone doesn't power on . It's just ridiculous . 
  stopped working after 3 day had to send it back . could not even get it to turn on . I was so mad . 
  I purchased the product from hefted electronic and been using this for the past 4 month . After the first month the performance started deteriorating in all front . The worst being overheating which causes severe battery drain . A full charge does not even last for 6 hour without data usage or call . I checked the same model's performance with my friend and found it to be satisfactory . This make doubt that the phone is not genuine okia product . 
  To begin I read about all the negative experience with getting the right product . I did get the expected product . . . brand new and international . Ordered from FGS Trading The only hitch was it was definitely packaged for the European market as it arrived with a charging plug for the European use . I am in Canada . I have multiple 3 . 5 mm charger so no biggen on the phone . I first powered it on and had to change the language to English . Took all of 30 second . Holding the phone is a treat . To people who find this phone heavy . You should be concerned with the strength in your hand let alone the weight of this phone . This phone is meant be used with a slim case if any . It is extremely durable and you can feel the quality it it . To put it in perspective the famed phone 5 is 220 gram when adding on the very popular waterpox Defender case . This phone weighs in at 185 gram . With my okia case 17 gm it is 202 gm total . This make that particular phone 5 and defender combo wider and heavier . You will rarely see people put this phone in a case . In fact there are not many case made for this phone . . . maybe for that reason . Corning Gorilla Glass 2 also adds to this tribulated is definitely a looker . From front to back it just look the business . I got the black matte to limit any possibilities and fingerprint and it just look good . colour are more likely to leave scratch as you can see with the phone 5c . They have the same case . Funny how apple has to make the phone 5c look so similar to that of okia coloured phone but we will leave that topic alnath fluidity of the phone is great . .  . and simple . No clutter to report . I like having the ability to only have what I want on my home screen with the live tile . All other app are easily reached but tucked away . The camera of course is one of the most respected camera on the market as okia is arguably the best on the market the Lamia 1020 has taken away the steam of the 920 but it is still fantastic . I have used it for a month and my wife's phone does not compare . The screen is very good . . . uses the same technology as the phone 5 IPS LCD I really feel the app bashing window gets is blown way out of proportion . Reason being is there are a lot of useful app and its not cluttered with pointless one Something I experienced a lot with my Blackberry Z10 on blackberry world . I have found almost all the app I would ever need . The third party counterpart are great unlike in blackberry world . I personally prefer quality over quantity . I really enjoy all the in house app okia make . okia Maquisard is fantastic as is their Camera app . okia map is very good and on par with Google map . okia make so many of their own app I find I am not needing to find the third party app to use ad I prefer that as wealth only thing I could think of that I feel could be improved upon is the lack notification and the window keypad is not quite as up to par as the Blackberry10's nothing comes close . . . including Apple and Android Those are very minor issue and can be addressed with software updates . Anyone who says they are disappointed with this phone is weak handed and never gave it a chance and probably came from using an phone or Google and look at APP number . The app are coming . Apple has had 10 year to build up its app market . . . Windows is on 3 . Its the experience I was after . I could afford an phone or an S4 but went with the Lamia . There is something about window 8 that is refreshing . Live tile is a great concept that has potential to be more and who knows what will come with window Phone 8 . 1 update which is coming soon . That's my rant . If you like having the phone everyone else has stick to your phone . If you like to brag about spec get a top flight Android . If you prefer to have a lightweight operating system that just feels right . . . try a Lamia 920 , 1020 or above . 
  So it has been about 6 month since I recklessly abandoned my Apple phone 3g ok , so maybe it wasn't such a reckless abandonment . I feel that now I can offer you a sound review steeped in experience . But let's keep this simple , shall we ? PROSLOVE the huge , clear , colourful screen ! I like to play game , and not just the Angry bird variety , and this is the screen for that ! Camera is nothing short of awesome . I can zoom in and out , have flash which is also a neat flashlight if you download the app , and video capability . App are generous and there are a significant number of free app and I have yet to be bored using new app but , see con window platform feels familiar and honestly it did not feel like a huge departure from the phone if you are wary of a psychogonies the screen is huge , so is the device itself . It is chunky and feels like a dish plate is against your face when using it as a phone . My resolution was either to use speakerphone which is loud and clear , or use the ear bud and microphone I got the last time I dropped my old phone I was pleasantly surprised that it worked so well with the okia . Perhaps a plus here is that it is a solid phone as evidenced by multiple drop with no visual or functional issue , and that in itself is a pro . Though the camera itself takes great photo etc .  , a flaw to me is that it is challenging to navigate to the camera . Yes , you can click the camera button on the side and go immediately to the take a picture mode , but when you take the shot and want to review it is several step to do so . Same thing if trying to snap a photo from , say , the teeting box . Seems like it should be easier mention here again the app Marketplace . There are a lot of novel , fun , articulate app for the window phone , however , the app that everyone has , or even the one that you want for your bank , for example , or EasyShift or whatever , it's not available for this phone . It's a small but annoying thing that and hopefully folk developing app will begin to identify the window platform phone as a focus for development . Though a small thing it warrants the 4 versus the 5 star reviews that's about it at this point . I do want to note that this review has not mentioned the buying or selling process here at all as I did not purchase the phone with this seller . Thanks and enjoy ! 
  This phone is perfect . Super fast processor , 32Gb hard drive , 8MP camera and 1080p video recording as well as playback . The only slight flaw are that it is very long and slightly bulky although it does fit in my back pocket and I am a very petite woman . The other minor issue is that the battery doesn't last quite as long as I had hoped but I do use it a lot for game , video , music , document writing , teeting , and email so charging it once a day is understandable . Altogether it is a great phone if you like the window phone o and have AT&T . ; It will not work with Version or Sprint so be careful with your purchase . 
  look great ! people ask me all the time what kind of phone is that ? it look so awesome the tile make it interesting , super easy to use , it connected to my car without problem and it work great , I will stay with the window phone and okia from now on , Oh did I mentioned the photo ? OMG amazing ! 
  The phone is great , the price is fair and the delivery was fast . Be aware though that the jack is made for the United Kingdom and you'll need an adaptor to use it where the socket pattern is different . 
  Perfect as described , new , unlocked , shipped with a wall adaptor and in perfect condition . I'm from Brazil and its 4G is working nicely at the country . 
  window 8 app are a welcome change from io . Among the three ecosystem , I prefer Android , window 8 , and io in that order . Blackberry , what ?  ! For ease of use , window phone is really easy to use . For someone interested in a first smartphone , Lamia 920 is an excellent choice . I got access to few window 8 phone to review . I will try to review them , but since I have not used for a period longer than a month I am not reviewing for reliability . User interface in window 8 is very pleasing and this is one of best phone with awesome user experience . If you prefer great user experience over infinite packability , aka Android , then window 8 phone are great choice . The Lamia 920 has a stunning 4 . 5 IPS LCD , 1280x768 resolution , 332 ppi display . This phone has up to 32 GB storage and 1 GB RAM . 8 . 7 MP camera and a 1080p HD Video . 1 . 5 GHz dual core processor . I have extensively used in the past HTC Titan I and II which is pre window 8 7 . 5 and I was surprised it has become more buttery smooth now . This phone has Gorilla Glass 2 . Glass 3 is in the making and supposed to be even better . Stating following because this is highly underrated in review . From Corning's Gorilla Glass specs ; WHAT make GORILLA GLASS SO DAMAGE RESISTANT ? The unique composition of Gorilla Glass allows for a deep layer of high compressive stress created through an ion exchange process . This compression acts as a sort of armour , making the glass exceptionally tough and damage resistant . Ion exchange is a chemical strengthening process where large ion are stuffed into the glass surface , creating a state of compression . Gorilla Glass is specially designed to maximise this behavior . Lamia 920 does not support micros expansion . I always feel this is a bummer . But with 32GB it is plenty with current app ecosystem . These phone seem to be copying phone philosophy . Battery 2000 Mah Lithium polymer battery Compared to a high end Android Galaxy Note II , which has a battery of 3100 Mah Battery . Unlike the okia Lamia 820 , the Lamia 920 doesn't have a removable battery cover , which mean you can't access or replace your battery . __Not having a storage expansion slot is a bummer for lot of people ! Not being able to remove battery is a double bummer . __ For me , storage expansion and removal of battery is very important , so I was disappointed . This is the downside the unibody design . Wireless charging is a big plus , though ! Phone quality was excellent and speakerphone was awesome . Nice to see built in active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic . Nice to see Lamia 920 has Bluetooth 4 . 0 . Bluetooth low energy BLE , known as Aubree , is a subset of Bluetooth v4 . 0 with an entirely new protocol stack . As an alternative to the Bluetooth standard protocol that were introduced in Bluetooth v1 . 0 to v3 . 0 , it is aimed at very low power application running off a coin cell . I was able to get excellent reception with Bluetooth headset , Jaybird Sportsband Stereo Bluetooth Headphone Bulk Packaging Midnight Black and JayBird bluebeats X Sport Bluetooth headphone Midnight Black All the usual smartphone stuff , facebook , twitter , music , email etc are all excellent . It is only the third party app that are lacking in some arena . If you are Microsoft heavy like Office suite , Lamia phone are awesome ! App are limited in window 8 marketplace . Yes , we have heard this a gazillion time . Lamia has gp receiver with A gp and GLONASS support . I tried with Germin Novocain app which turned out to be great in giving voice direction . App ecosystem is a chicken and egg situation . Unless more phone are sold , developer don't have incentive to write app . app are less now , because people are not buying in big drove . window Phone is now early mid 2013 the third leading mobile phone platform , more than tripling its market share year over year . One recent report I read Android and io are ahead in game with 162 . 1 and 37 . 4 million shipment in 1Q13 and window phone came in 7 million . This is more than double from previous year . I really hope for window 8 platform to surge ahead because having a 3 way competition with io and Android is good for the ecosystem . ONE LINE SUMMARY : The okia Lamia 920 is certainly the best window Phone 8 smartphone on the market right now . 
  We purchased this phone in May 2013 okia Lamia 920 Black Factory Unlocked 32GB phone 4G LTE 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 RM 821 , Sold by WorldWide distributor in Amazon . com . The phone stopped working September 2013 with the infamous spinning gear problem . We try sending it to okia for repair , but after providing okia the Serial number IMEI we have been told that the phone is Out of warranty in the US . We now have a bricked phone , no warranting , no recourse . 
  The phone was not brand new and screen has many scratch on it . so disappoint i will never come back again . 
  I had no idea I could have written to your company until a few day ago . I purchased a phone from your company through amazon . The order was placed on November 4th 2013 . I ordered a okia Lamia 920 and your company sent me a okia Lamia 900 instead . The phone does not ring or make any sound . All setting and volume are where it is too be and yet no sound . I am highly disappointed in the deception of your company and will never do any business with you or recommend your company to anyone . I am also disappointed in Amazon for allowing your company to rip off good people of their hard earned money for inferior good and incorrect good . 
  I had this phone for 13 month , my front facing camera are full of dust thus making the front facing camera un useable . I called okia Support Center and was redirect around . I was able to get to a CSR a second time that would not acknowledge the dust issue . okia had come out and admits their design flaw but their CSR are told otherwise . I called twice and both CSR was not help . okia are not what it used to be . Don't buy this . 
  it perfect to all the people , the best phone , strong ! very easy to used and the screen and pixel are hd . 10point
  I am very happy with the product so far . Only thing I had a problem with was the bing search key that gets pushed on by mistake while typing . I am trying to get around it . Otherwise it is working well for me . 
  Great phone . Went from a window 6 . 9 phone to a Widow 7 and now this window 8 . It is a RM 821 International Version . Some are AT&T ; version . I heard Rumor that the AT&T ; version don't work well on T Mobile . I didn't want to chance it so I got the RM 821 . I received it and setup most of my stuff on wifie . I also updated the system on wifie . The next day I went to my local T Mobile and picked up a micro sim for the phone since my old phone had a full sized sim . work very well . I get 4G and H in my area . So far so good . Love my window Phone ! Tidbit : setnet had an article the other day about 150 of the fastest downloading phone . This phone came in 4th which is very good . 
  First I will list out the problem here . 1 . When i shake the phone some part inside are moving . I dont know if something is loosen/broken inside . phone is working but i never expected this from a new phone . 2 You missed earphone in the box .  : 3 . Also the charger you have given is in white colour . . where as my phone is black4 . Phone is getting heatedup and the battery wears out so soon . Product you sent is not at all in par with the product you sent . Even a used phone will be better than the one NEW you sent mei quite unhappy with this . IAM in india now .  . tell me what to do now with this handicapped phone with out even having a bill to approach NOKIA . I need your justification for my question above . 
  Met expectation ! I'm very satisfied ! Even arrived ahead of schedule ! I would recommend this phone to any okia fan or anyone looking for a good phone
  I'm enjoying this device . Still trying to get used it's style , but still a great phone . Camera is great . window App for window can be annoying . 
  This is the best phone you can have for this prastha window phone o is so simple to manipulate . Only the Lamia 1020 look better and period . 
  This is an at&t ; phone no where show that and the picture doesn't say at&t ; and now it is giving me problem with my carrier
  Phone was all in Italian and language didn't change even after language was changed , etc . Then , the phone just turned off , didn't turn back on . I kept it in mint condition , rarely ever took it with me on excursion to protect it . Kept it in a case with a screen shield . Seller said they would not assist me . If you want to pay 400 for a disposable phone , this may work for you !  ! Beware , look elsewhere if you can , don't let this happen to you in a few month . This seller will send you a Gray market phone meant for another country /market , they no doubt got on the black market , and will not stand behind it after their 30 day contractual obligation . If you have any question you can contact me directly . 
  excelente phone ! Better then all phone crap ; look nice , big screen . Intuitive menu . I love it ! It is easy to handle . 
  it does over heat and battery doesn't last long , tying to contact seller for replacement , but I don't know maybe I will get urosthene what in my hand . 
  okia need to add some assembly required . The SIM card slot comes with the package , not installed in the phone . It is not a big deal and it is simple to install , even if you think you cannot install it you can , even if you refuse to install it your service provider will install it . The card slot takes 5 10 second to install ; however the problem is this : When you purchase this type of phone it is never purchased by itself . There are screen protector and case that go with it . In general people do not read instruction manual for phone , unless of course there is a message of some assembly required . Other than the card slot , this is an incredible phone . The app are growing every day , between okia , Microsoft , and AT&T ; my service provider I have 3 industry leading compagnie providing me service . Here is the bottom line even with is type of o in it's infancy google will never beat Microsoft , okia has been an industry standard since inception and as for Bell laboratories they have an incredible track record for engineering and innovation . When you buy technology you go with leader not imitator . 
  The adaptor is not American standard , but the phone work alerted says made in Saudi Arabia . Responsive , fluent and stable . 
  Very nice phone . Battery life , could be better though but overall its a good phone I like the window operating system
  it is a good phone , but it is heavy , i am having some problem with WATSUP , sometimes the message take long to send checked with other phone and carrier , but for the Price you get a lot of phone for the money
  I was sort of expecting the unlocked/international version , and was decidedly nervous when I saw the AT&T ; logo on the front of the phone . I was totally Skeptical until i slid the SIM tray in , with my T Mobile SIM in it . And it worked , and has been working , flawlessly , from the day it arrived . Suck it , phone ! 
  this phone is amazing 32 GB memory window 8 operating system all function you need this phone has but make sure that its factory unlocked and not at&t ; Unlocked by contacting the seller before you buy
  I bought this as a gift to my daughter in India . It was sent through my friend in January 2014 to India . I did not open the package . On using the Mobile by my daughter it started to become unusually hot ,  . She took it to okia Care in India , on opening the mobile to check the technician found the seal tampered and said it must be a refurbished phone . The software it appears is also outdated . Can you help me with a replacement . I can ask my daughter to return it to me . I stay in Chicago , Illionois . This is the first time I have faced a problem purchasing through Amazon have bought many item and had never faced any problem . 
  I am extremely disappointed and would not suggest this seller to anyone . The phone came not in the original packaging , it has had it's screen changed , so at&t ; logo wouldn't show up . There is a missing bolt on the bottom only an empty slot left , where on the other side it's ok . The screen protector is on , but it has been changed and is not the original one , because I kn how lamia phone come when they are new . All the side sticker have been removed and there are scratch on the sim slot , because it probably has been used . There is a scratch on the back of the phone as well . AND it doesn't even turn on , is just stuck on the empty battery screen . I'm just very mad right now . Exchanging it . 
  This is a very unique phone , im a lover of android and gave up Nexus 4 because the Kit Kat update was messing with the phones' Osithe window 8 phone isn't perfect but with some more update for some added option a la android style with will make it even better which i think is to come sometime this year 2014 . I'm still getting the hang of the feature but in general im impressed . 
  Bought my okia Lamia 920 on Oct 15 2013 . It was working fine for the first 2 month . Occasionally there would be signal coverage problem but I thought it was something to do with the Network provider . But then after 2 month , I started experiencing major problem with the phone . The display would flicker & the display got all grainy . Network signal coverage started getting hit badly . There was no physical damage to the phone , meaning the phone was NOT dropped in ground or water or any liquid for that matter . One fine day , it was totally gone . It wouldn't simply Stratton taking it to a okia customer care Center , It was informed that this was a manufacturer defect and it was something to do with its hardware & software . Pfaff . .  . I thought there goes my 350 : But fortunately I contacted Amazon after 3 month of purchase and explained them the problem . They were kind enough to listen to my problem and accepted a return after the warranty & gave me a refunder is my Verdict : For okia Lamia 920 : Pros : 1 . Photo quality is good . 2 . Speaker volume is good . 3 . Sturdy baldaquins : 1 . Very Unstable Hardware & Software with window OS . 2 . Lot of problems/bug with the phone . 3 . Quite HeavyP . S : Amazon Customer service was 10/10 as usual & they saved me 350 . Thank you ! 
  I have had Apple product from day one . I was in line for every phone including the 5 . I have been locked into ATT of course and the billing is super high/expensive and difficult to control . The latest Apple o has been a huge disappointment . I tested the Android system after purchasing the Nexus 4 phone . It was horrible , the batter lasted 2 hour max , the o and Android app were ugly , difficult and buggy . What a mess . I sold it after great frustration and hardware issue . I purchased this International Un locked version of the okia 920 . Wow . window o is awesome , flawless , fast , fun and live . The set up is intuitive , and Apple can't beat the integrated , speedy sexy look and operation . This is an awesome product . I know there are thinner and even more sleek okia and other Window phone out there now , but I have this one and I am sold . My phone has less than a year and it will be buried next to my Newton . Steve job has passed and Apple in my view has peaked . Congrats Microsoft , this is a winner and fun all the way . 
  Excellent phone . Good for download , watching and keep video . Good internet connection and easy to use it . I love it ! 
  We got it and it was new in the box . Battery life is great . We had a bit of trouble adding it to Rogers . In the end when you add a new SIMM into the phone you need to do a hard re boot . After that everything worked great . 
  I love this phone , I previously owned a window phone but this phone with window 8 awesome , plus the app in the marketplace are/work better with this system . I love the sensibility of the touchscreen , and the camera is pretty good , plus okia has a lot of cools app that work with this phone
  This phone live up to the okia reputation of durable cellphone . I already have dropped it from about 4 feet to the tile floor , and not a scratch on it ! It took some getting used to , since this is my first window phone , but it's fairly easy to use . Here's a list of pro and con that I've noticed after using this phone for a few months . PROS : Very sturdy phone , this won't be breaking any time sensomobile interface that is easier to use than Android . Incredibly good camera , much better than phone or any other camera found on an ordinary smart phone besides the 1020 that is ! Large screen with dense display , perfect for everything . Dolby Audio quality is great ! high , mid , and bass can be controlled . The gp is very accurate and easy to asperity fair battery life that gets me through the tythe glance feature is convenient . It has internet sharing ! This is a great feature that you don't find in many ponyskins : The app market is very sad . Most of the app that I used everyday are non existent on window store . Honestly , I really really love this phone except for one huge disappointment that I had to deduct a star . A phone with such exceptional audio quality deserves a dedicated music app , but it's missing . There is only the x box music and video app that is so frustrating to manage . For people who use music all day every day , the music interface could be a big problem for ouvre all , this phone can do a lot of stuff that other phone can't . It's convenient and easy to use . I probably won't be upgrading for a while , I'll just stick with this phone until it wears out . Hope this helps ! 
  I was a Lil Skeptical if i do say myself about turning to window phone . Firstly i was a die hard apple fan in term of choosing my mobile i had the 3g and 4g . I watched outbuy review online about this phone and was very impress with its build quality and lookout feels solid in the hand , the operating system work flawlessly simplistic like apple and the camera is amazing . The only con was : 1 the availability of app i am not an app junkie but person coming from apple and android that need the availability of every single app . I dont recommend you purchase this phone . On the other hand im a mobile user that only need game which this has and communication app like test plus , WATSUP , facebook etc which this has . It also has some other app and the Microsoft market seems to grow every two week since i had this phone . 2 The availability of update since i purchased this phone it has only been updated once . its almost been two month now contrast that to apple or android . On the other hand app are always updated just about every other week but the o is not . 
  This phone is by far the best I have ever unbuild like a brick , feels solid and reliable in my hand , and being a big phone is incredibly comfortable to use . This is real hardware ! !  ! It was obviously designed and engendered to stand heavy aseethe built in camera is really good . It won u2019t replace my DSLR but for snapshot and street photography is more than incognitos o is truly smooth and fulfil all my needs . The app store may not have two or three million of app but truly , who cares ? WATSUP , facebook a weather forecast and a stock quote app is all I nidify course these are only my requirement and other user may require app not yet available in window sore . Including Office and Oneonta is a great plus . Please note that you can only create word and excel documents . What to improve : IMO the unlock button is misplaced and would be far more comfortable in a place easy reachable with the thumb . 
  is very nice , i like it very much , work good , i like WP , is good i bought it .  , and the supplier is very good . 
  This phone have a great camera , and it can take picture in midnight without use light , it also have a fast speed then android device . I can get almost every app I need from app store , the HERE map also nice . . .  . 
  Good mobile phone ! Excellent service ! But the charger is European style ; I have managed to solve this problem . I really love the office software which is pre installed in the phone . 
  Phone is great . Was slightly worried when it arrived with Vodafone start screen but work with different sim cards . Great phone and marketplace is getting better every day . 
  this phone comes in a new box with all the accessorii . I had wanted to return it for the lamia 900 , but after the 900 arrived i realise i made the wright purchase . It's also Factory unlocked though it seems it was made for T Mobile and it had a German operating manual and default setting but can easily be changed into english . 
  I've been using the phone for a week now and so far I have no complaint . Switching from an android device there is a slight learning curve with the window 8 operating system . 
  At first i was a little worried , because some people was receiving what looked like a used phone , however i have no complain at all , the phone is brand new and just as described by the seller . Strictly recommend the seller hefted electronic LLC
  So I've had MANY phone . in a 3 year time , since drowning my second phone , I've had 4 Android phone . Nexus phone are the best on the Android platform . . . but this is my second Nogai tried the Lamia 900 but the o and app ecosystem was still to young , so I went back to Android for another year and a half . After almost 2 year I felt it was time to retire my Galaxy Nexus so I began doing a lot research . I found the okia 920 was getting great review and almost every app I used on the Android platform was available on the WP8 platform now only missing app is Nest but that work on the browser anyway . I've had this phone for about 2 week now and I love this phone ! The camera is outstanding ! The wireless charging rock and it just works . . . Even with atune when you download the WP8 app . I recommend you purchase the okia case because even the matte polycarbonate case is a little to slick . You won't be disappointed with your purchase . 
  That Phone is not a RM 121 and not unlocked not at&t ; , really is Atat and a RM 120 ; dont haze accessorii not have headphone , don't working in movistar Venezuela and have the logo Atat
  I have never had any problem with Amazon . com . .  . but this transaction was not really helpful . The product claim it is factory unlocked and RM 821 . .  . however , it seems that the product is actually unlocked version of AT&T ; phone and is RM 820 . While the phone work fine , it is a lot of nuisance to have all these AT&T ; Logo all over the phone when you are really not its wowserish I had known this before as I would have not ordered the phone then . 
  It took a bit long from the expected to arrive but its perfect and I'm very satisfied and I really advise this phone for everybody
  When I received this phone , I was very happy with it . So when I went to the AT&T ; store to activate it , the man helping me said this phone was reported STOLEN , yes I was very shocked because I had bought this phone off Amazon . I have demanded a replacement or a refund for the phone . 
  phone is ok but no warranty . and the setting is for middle east so you might find difficulties in some countrie . 
  When received I thought the phone was damaged , It did not turn on , after several attempt connecting the charger and disconnecting it , the phone finally turned ON , it seemed the battery was completely discharged and when it is hot and completely discharged it need some time hour or more to cool down before connecting the charger . After a couple of month using it , it has performed well . 1 con is that this phone seemed to have been locked for AT&T ; previously , and though it was unlocked I had some problem trying to use internet sharing tethering , A message popped up telling me to get an unlock code from AT&T ;  , after a long search on the web I found a procedure to make it work with other mobile operators okia lamia is promised , the screen has not been scratched , and I don't use a screen protector , really amazing ! !  ! 
  bought it for myself . pro : good screen size/display and camera ; okia off line map is a plus , but it is not as powerful as google map yet with data plan ; Large icon are easy to ascon : the biggest problem is the efficiency/battery duration . program and game are rather limited , and some of them basically burn the phone very hot though you put them in the background ; at least a couple of time the battery died around 3 or 4 pm in the afternoon ; recharging seems to be slow ; if I forget to put on charge overnight , it is guaranteed to run of battery in the morning and you'd better not completely rely it for the wake up call in the morning ! The screen is not as strong as I hoped , and I already have several scratch . 
  I really regret this purchase . I choose this one because the combination of LTE and good camera . Then i did all the research on LTE . This is supposed to be the Global International version RM 821 . The LTE frequency of the phone and my carrier matched . After a lot of homework i purchased this Bridgton the Netherlands Europe i can't revive LTE . After contacting okia for hour , all they said was you shouldn't buy the phone in USA . There was no explanation why I can't revive LTE . It doesn't make any sense and I can't find out what the problem is . There no help form okia at all and they practically say ; it's your fault and this is what you get for buying a phone in a different country . The okia service really blew my mind away . It is terrible and i recommend everybody to stay away from okia . If i know this before , i would go for a different phone . 
  I bought this phone after switching over from Blackberry , and had several problem with it from the start . First , the phone is very large , and somewhat awkward to hold compared to phone like Blackberry or Apple . I found it really uncomfortable to hold for the first few week I had it . It is heavy and large . I don't think the user interface is really intuitive . I'm not a tech dinosaur I'm in my 20s and am frequently trying out new form of technology , in part because of my job and in part because of general interest . There were various aspect of the phone , such as some issue with the start menu and messaging service , that I thought could have been laid out a little better . Additionally , I hated the contact feature . Let's say that you have a few restaurant you frequently call for carry out with your coworker . Or you want to have phone number readily handy for your dentist and doctor . You can't just add those to your contact with this phone you have to create a contact with your email , which in my case was mail . So now I have all these extra contact in my mail , including number for sandwich shop and my internist . What is the point ? I started having battery issue with the okia Lamia 920 after a few week of use . In the seven month I had the phone , it would frequently go through phase where the battery would drain by up to 50% after being on for about an hour and a half even if the only thing I had done with the phone was send a single short text message . I spoke with okia , with my cell phone provider , and joined message board for product support , and these solution occasionally worked for very short period of time , but inevitably , my phone would go back to draining battery power at an alarming rate . For most of the time I had my phone , I had deleted almost all the app , rarely updated the app I did have because update automatically change your setting and would allow the app to run even without your permission , changed my setting so no background app were allowed to run , turned off the data plan , turned off wifi , turned off EVERYTHING and I still had problem ! What is the point in investing in a smart phone if you're not able to use any of those smart phone function ? And may I add that even if all I did for twelve hour was receive a three minute phone call and send a handful of text , by the early evening , I'd still be down to about 50% power at least . Finally , at 7 month after purchase , my phone completely died . I took it off the charger one morning , and it wouldn't come on at all . I did soft and hard reset , changed power outlet , etc . I had to go to work 45 minute early to use the phone there to call my provider , and was told that there was nothing that could be done . My customer service rep said that I was not the only person this had happened to , but unfortunately could not offer any solutions . The phone is bulky , not particularly user friendly , and has many , many technical flaw . It's unpredictable and unreliable , and I would never , ever recommend this phone to anyone . 
  Awesome phone , awesome build quality . Great window phone system . Camera is terrific . lot of cool app and live tile rock . 
  Clearly not a new factory unlocked phone as the description would claim . It is an AT&T ; phone , the box was previously opened , the screen protector was clearly placed back on the phone , and it had app already installed on it unless ESPN and The Weather Channel app are default app , which I doubt . Bottom line , I will keep it for now , because I need a phone , but if I am getting a used or reforbid phone , I should not be paying the new phone price . I feel like I am being scammed and it make me seriously reconsider using Amazon for such purchase . 
  the phone was purchased from Breed and is not as described . This is a used AT&T ; phone . it seems working ok , but the battery lasts for only half day even with light usage . 
  I ask the seller do you have a RM821 and not RM 820he answered yes he has . . . what did i got a AT&T ; an RM 820Just don't . . . later up when you get issue with update and stuff I just don't know what else might happen at the long run . . . and it has a light scratch on the screen a gorilla glass screenawesome isn't it
  I am not new to this phone , I had to get this one as a replacement for another 920 of mine that got stolen . First I am gonna just put my original device review here , then get into this particular posting . April 27 , 2013 : The phone's review will have to incorporate bit from the o too , so let's be done with that first . Live Tile remains one of the best interface innovation on any platform , the addition of a smaller size of tile make thing only better . Ability to change tile size of any app depending on user's priority is simply brilliant . okia window phone come with access to okia's full suite of mapping app , although they are now available to other also , okia stays on top of the game by providing other exclusive app like okia Music , Cinematograph , Storage Manager etc . Offline mapping data is a godsend . Added capability of apps' to integrate to lock screen to quickly provide you with info you care about the most is also awesome . The added accessibility tool like changeable font size , UI zoom , high contrast mode look freaking gorgeous make the o the best choice for people who need any of them . The usual goodie are of course still thereonto the device itself . The screen size is 4 . 5 , which in my opinion is the perfect size , not too small , not too big . The high PPI screen is a joy to use . It retains Lamia 900's slightly squarer 15 : 9 aspect ratio , and the increased PPI make it one of the best display in the market . The curved displays edge meets the rest of the body flawlessly , making the phone a joy to hold . The poly carbonate's texture is simply luxurious . The material also mean that colour won't come off even if scratched . okia has used a new kind of coating on the logo , and the three capacitive key that make it really easy to see them even when the back light is off . Slightly raised position of the key is also a very welcome change , make it very hard to accidentally hit them now . The camera is hand off the best phone camera out there , nothing more to say there . Although the from camera is less than stellar . A few issue that still remain is that I want the headphone port at bottom and the micro USB port on top of the device , it has it in opposite order , although to be fair every OEM is guilty of this offence , except only Apple is now putting headphone port at bottom . At least we get a camera button with window phone . The phone is indeed a little heavy . 900 is my opinion had the perfect weight . While 920 has better ergonomic , I find it a little heavier than I would have like . But given the built quality , OIS camera , display quality , 32GB storage etc . being a little heavy is easy to forget . Present , 05/22/2014 : First let's talk about the software . window Phone itself has gone through several update , three small one General Distribution Release , or GDR 1 , 2 , 3 , and a huge one , window Phone 8 . 1 . The phone I received came with GDR 1 installed . So being the enthusiast that I am , the first thing I did was upgrade all the way to WP8 . 1 developer preview . One very good thing about window Phone is you don't have to stay in the mercy of your operator , and wait month for an update . phone user do not suffer from it , but this issue plagues Android user to this day . A very important addition along with GDR 2 was Glance Screen , a okia only feature , that allows you to see your notification without turning on the display . After the last update it show time , notification , and your next calendar appointment . Coolest feature ever . WP8 . 1 brings some much needed and requested addition to the platform . 1 . Cortona . If you've played you are familiar with the name . Microsoft really Want to achieve similar thing here , and they've already succeeded to great extent here . Voice recognition specially is uncannily accurate , even for a non native English speaker as me . 2 . Notification Center . window Phone has lagged in this aspect . But it's finally here , and better executed than iOS . 3 . Data , Storage , wifiee , Battery sense . Data sense helps you manage your mobile data consumption , Storage sense is for storage , Most curious is wifiee sense . It let's you connect to public network without having to do anything , and let's you share your home internet with your friends/contact without actually giving them out wifie password . Battery sense enables you to fine tune each specific apps background activity preference . 4 . Universal app . chance are you are a window user . WP8 . 1 allow developer to write app for both window 8 . 1 and WP8 . 1simultaneously . So you're gonna see a lot of app crossing overpaint is this phone can be your gateway to this amazing update without having to spend much more on a newer device . 920 run WP8 . 1 extremely well , and battery life is still stellar . Hardware is a very curious case on this phone . According to other review I gathered even though the phone comes unlocked , they may have been from a carrier . So I was prepared for whatever comes . And sure enough , the one I got is a device from a Mexican carrier , Movistar . But it's default language was English . Phone came with 4 keyboard installed , US , UK English , Mexican Spanish , and Portuguese . Unlocked phone does not necessarily mean unbranded , and the most annoying ramification is the splash screen I have to see if I ever restart the phone , and having update the phone GDR 1 to all the way up to WP8 . 1 , I've seen that enough for a lifetime . The good part about the device being of Mexican origin is the hardware category . It's RM 820 , instead of RM 821 that I had before . It's good because the LTE frequency goes with T Mobile LTE . It has , 700 , 850 , 1900 , 1700_2100 . I don't whey the underscore , but I get LTE now , so I am happy do wish the seller would at least separate the box based on frequency supported as those are written on the box , but all in all I am happy . This phone is still one of the best looking , best built phone on the market . 
  I chose 4 star because it work very good . What I like is that it is mostly easy to use . I still have not figured how to save number to contact from a text . It has a nice size screen and I like it that you can speak into it and it will text for you . 
  The device performs well apart from the fact that its battery run out pretty quickly . Also the seller has not provided any warranty . The seller said it was not branded but it does have AT&T ; logo and stuff in it . You may as well just buy it from the Microsoft store for the same price coz in that way you will get the same product but with warranty . 
  The only thing I would kibbitz about is that the screen protector doesn't cover the entire screen . However , it's doing what it is supposed to do I dropped the phone down a stairway the day after I got it without getting a scratch , dent or bump . 
  Today I got the product , it is like new one but I saw someone's photo in the phone and screen is not fine at the bottom there is gap between screen and phone , flash LED is not working , accessorii missing no earphone in the box . Box labelled as Unlocked but I am yet to check as I don't have proper SIM card . I am sure its repaired or refurbished phone but box labelled as NEW . I want to return it but I don't have time as I am leaving to other country next day . 
  In short , there are so many problem with the window Phone experience compared to io or Android device there is literally no reason to choose it over the other option . No reason . Pros : * Screen is nice and bright* Camera is nice , but comparable to a nice Android or io device camera so not really a proagones : * Almost no comparable app for io or Android app . Sometimes there are 3rd party knock off which are legitimate copei , but mostly they are outlet for spam advertising . *If an app exists , it is typically buggy , or unresponsive in weird ways . * app will often be described as doing one thing , and upon opening it you find out it is actually just a spam app that show ad and gambling image without any actual original content . The native app by okia work fairly well occasionally . Often though they too become suddenly unresponsive , and I have tried other people's device , the same thing happens . Additionally there will be update required for the phone that you must download . However sometimes what is in these update doesn't actually apply any new feature to your phone , yet requires you to download and use your storage space for the update . Example : There was an update for a okia app that is used by the okia window tablet and 1020 version of the Lamia device . However it is not usable by this device . Still I was forced to download the app and install the update , despite it having no use on my Bontempo will never buy another window Phone device again , and I would suggest you don't as well unless you hate app and love phone that are mediocre at their price point compared to the competition . 
  but a few month later my phon is randomly restarting/shutdown i tried all fixe on internet and stail doing it , i got it from Wind USA , i just crashed it on the floor , now it really doesn't work . .  . 
  I had to rate the phone itself five star because of the fluidity and functionality , as for the window 8 o , it has came a long way since 7 . 5/7 . 8 , but I always hope to see the app gap lessen . This is a great phone if you are price conscientious like I am ! 
  I am happy with this phone . It is perfect , the camera take nice pic and window phone 8 is very good . 
  This phone feels good in my hand , is beautiful to look at , has great call clarity , has a decent battery life , and does whatever I want it to do quickly and elegantly . The camera is also quite good , though not as good as I hoped . It outperforms my Limax pocket camera , but photo aren't as beautiful as my old olympus pocket camera . However , overall , it does everything well and I'm completely satisfied . Switching from Android to window Phone was seamless and refreshing . I have no desire to ever return to using an Android panthea only problem is that the audio output when using headphone is iffy . .  . sometimes I only get audio in one ear . Since I barely listen to music , this isn't a big deal for me , but I imagine for other it would be a deal breaker . I imagine if you bought it at a reputable reseller , you could return it due to the audio jack problem , but for me , it isn't worth it . 
  I love the phone , even thou is was a use product it still look brand new . I have no issue with the product or the service i am looking for a phone 5 Gold
  Best phone for its price . No other phone in the same price range comes close to what you get from 920 . 
  Well I got the phone in one piece and it work . HOWEVER I ordered a international unlocked phone , at least that's what I thought i was clicking purchase from . The phone was sold by BREED . What came was a AT & T branded unlocked phone . While the phone is truly unlocked , since I live in Jamaica I don't use AT&T ; and find the AT&T ; logo on phone and the logo on screen that pops up on restart annoying and a painful reminder that I didn't get what I feel I paid for . However phone work otherwise , up to the point of Theis post . 
  I ordered a factory unlocked and unbranded phone last year and had hoped this would be unbranded as well but it carries a logo . Otherwise I do love it ! 
  The experience with okia lamia 920 was disappointed because I can not download any app I took it to T mobile office , they could not figured it ou . I called NOKIA company they could not helped either and there is background noise whenever you call and is so annoyed to my caller . In all I would say I am worried . 
  For start the phone is solid , and Colored all the way through so scratch won't be noticeable at allot can do 4g and wireless charging and all that stiffened 8 on a phone is really nice . It is very simple to use and highly functional . Also the black and white theme is really my style which is good because the phone has very limited theme option so keep that in mind . Win8 does have some downside though : The browser and bing search freaking suck . Even if you change your default search to something else the search button still pulls up bing . Seriously stop shoving that down our throat . Luckily there is an app called UC browser and that will greatly improve your internet browsing experience . Other failure include the app market which has very little content right now . I can't even do my banking online with this phone . .  . although perhaps that is my bank's fault for not making the app but plenty of app are missing from this market . I also didn't see any theme app or app to change the tile page itself although there were plenty of tile changing apps . That is the last thing that bugged me was the tile page didn't fit the theme at all and the theme option wouldn't let me change it and no app existed that would change it . Honestly I would prefer a list version of the tile page instead of block . I was able to at least get it in black and white to match the theme though by going into the phone option and turning high contrast Anthas phone is a comfortable weight and size for me and fit well in the hand . Other than my few gripe with the operating system which I managed to work around mostly it is very nice . The hardware is good and the battery life is alright . If you are concerned about battery life it does have power saver mode and you can easily turn off all the power hog like wifie when the lexicon is up , location serve , ect . There are a few battery saver app but honestly the app market is stinky and they probably drain more than the save to manage stuff 24/7 . The price on this phone is wonderful for something purchased out of contract too . It is on par with phone that cost several hundred dollar more if you buy them out of contract give this phone an 8 . 5/10
  The Phone arrived with a little scratch on the screen . About the u00edtem I can say is a Great cell Phone . It feels a little hoofbeat it is rock Solid . work fast and has a outstanding screen resolution . 
  Excellent equipment , very fast its user interface , good resolution of the camera and video . Very short battery life , and there are just 24 hour to recharge . 
  the seller offer RM 821 Penta Band NEW , but send me a RM 820 AT&T ; refurbished Unlocked Penta Band , it look very nice refurbished work , and 4G LTE work fine , protective glass of camera is dirt and will be open phone to clean it . 
  It is an excellent smartphone , it work like a charm in Venezuela , fluid , excellent user interface , no lags and WP application , I had not missed that on my Galaxy . Lamia 920 simply the best ! ! ! ! !  ! thank WINDA USA & AMAZON
  I bought this phone from hefted electronic . The phone only worked for 4 . 5 month . I found out the supplier and Amazon are selling phone with NO US warranty . I filed a claim and please see the answer from the supplier : This device , the RM 821 , is the international version . It has a warranty through the country in which it was manufactured . Please contact okia and they should be able to point you in the right direction . More likely than not , it will be coming from okia UK , okia Dubai , or okia Hong gangplows let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Ronnie VSO , I have to contact okia to find out where the phone was manufactured . ! !  ! This is absurd . Dont trust this supplier . 
  This phone is amazing I LOVE IT , It look brand new I cant see anything wrong with it . I love the bright red colour !  ! 
  4 star because of its weight , it is heavy . Other than that it's a very nice phone if you like window
  The phone is nice , but it is heavy and application are almost all paid , gasket was not 100% sure , but arrived well . 
  love the phone ! just what i was expecting . learning new thing about it everyday . its the perfect phone for me
  The manufacture quality of this phone is good . However , it has an obvious design flaw , which result in nonfunctional proximity sensor . This seems to be a fairly common problem when I looked up in the webelos the front camera somehow accumulates dust from inside . Now I can barely use the front camera anymore . However the customer service is good in my opinion . okia offer shipping to ship my phone for repair/replacement . Besides these issue the phone is ok . Fast , but has limited app well this is MS's problem not the phone's . 
  the product say okia Lamia 920 Black Factory Unlocked , but comes with software in ITALIAN ! ! ! ! ! . .  . I am right now in Venezuela , am living here , and the phone don't have the spanish language . .  . i hope than update the software of the lamia , add more language , included spanish . .  . i buy some okia in Teh past , E71 and E6 00 wich says FACTORY UNLOCKED , and the soft is clean , in english originally , but i can change to spanish easily . .  . i aspected more of this phone , but the sailer sad me . .  . 
  Its a really nice phone .  . Everything is expected of it .  . The okia Lamia 920 does wonders .  . My only problem is the size
  This mini computer meets my need . As a busy man okia Lamia 920 seemed to have been produced just for me . Wherever I'm my okia answer my every question . What a great product ! 
  Perfect phone but comes with no NFC charger in the pkg . you dont see the justification for the weight without a charger
  and the best phone I had so far . .  . very good design , elegant , comfortable congratulation to the people of NOKIA thousand point just love . .  . recommendable 100%
  I do not hesitate to recommend that you buy this phone from On The Go solution . The product came as described in original okia box and specifically Josh at this supplier is super responsive for any question that you might have before ordering . 
  It is an exceptional phone and has certainly met my expectation . It took me less than half an hour to figure it out . 
  Excellent phone for the money and the new window o is outstanding . More functionality than io and easier than the Android . You finally got it rotgut Microsoft . kwc .  . 
  I just decide to upgrade my old galaxy ace to this phone , and feel a huge difference in term of performance and capabilities , if you have doubt about the weigh and size of the phone , yeah is a little heavier and fit not well in small pocket . The price is more than fair for such great phone , synchronise your account data in no time including mail and twitter . Grab it if you don't mind use window 8 that is way different from android some apps still missing for this OS . PD . It comes in an AT&T ; box and a label in the phone but work with any sim card you put in , I tested here in El Salvador with a local provider and connected to the network easily , just put the sim card in and reboot the phone . 
  Great phone , probably better than the phone . It has a super fast processor , spectacular camera and all the app that I will ever needed does have a nice big screen , so it is a little bigger that some other phone . 
  The best phone , this was all my expectation , the phone work perfect . The best phone that I had having in my life . 
  The best okia product . . .  . Processor is fast , antenna is great and the camera too is super . .  . Worth for the money . .  . 
  A great Cellphone and unlocked , But Still a RM 820 AT&T ; and some functionalities , like 4G , doesn't work in roaming . Is a great cellphone , window Phone Work perfectly , only this and sometimes the call someone my voice sound with a eche . But is a great device
  It is a perfect phone . The standby time is more than expected . And the call effect is very good . The software is enough for me . 
  Lumia920 is ur pc in your hand . Good app are available and work perfectly . Unlike the okia E6 that I bought in about 4month ago , network doesn't stay up to 3mint before it will fail and the phone reboot intermittently , searching for network . The 920 is stable . The battery life is excellent in comparison to the multiple app that run in the background . So far , it's the best mobile phone I have owned . 
  It is an evolution of my old okia 900 that was stolen am still waiting for the 4G technology in my city to check if it will work on our frequency band . 
  This phone is absolutely amazing . It is exactly what I wanted in a window Phone . I have used both the Samsun Focus and the Focus which run the window Phone 7 . 5 o and they were decent smartphone , when I started using this phone I realised what a smartphone really should be . The okia app are a serious reason to buy this phone , the Here Drive app is the absolute best Map app that I have used ad the ability to download map to the phone instead of loading them from the web is a stellar feature not to mention that the way direction are presented to you is either on par with or above the quality found in io . I am actively promoting this phone to all of my friend and I would suggest buying this phone . 
  So far , its been great . work well outside the US . I expected more from battery saving though but its still fine . Will keep you posted if issue come up . Great job okia
  It is great to handle and beautiful to look Ati love every aspect of itai will order another one for my wife . 
  Best phone ever . Easy to use . Good feel , voice quality , camera , phone function , exchange activizing , okia map . Most recommended and better than android device . 
  Love this Phone . It does everything I want it to do . And it does it fast . Very good battery life for all the thing it does . I would reamend this phone to anyone . 
  It's fast , the battery life it's good for me almost 2 day or more and i love the commorth WATSUP have some problem but it's not a phone trouble for sure
  Nice phone easy to use and good app . I was losing hope with okia but with this now leuma 920 they are back in the game
  The front camera was not working properly . the top fourth was darkened like there might be something blocking , i checked online and it said to be dust ? 
  I have absolutely no issue with the phone . It work fine and I love Edithe delivery was on time . My only complaint is that the box was unsealed but everything was new in it . 
  okia simply make the best phone . And the window o , although not perfect , is fluid , colourful , crisp clean the best of the three . The screen and photo are gratuito feel in the hand is smooth and sculptural and just wonderful to look at . And probably the most important aspect : the clarity of calls highly recommend it especially an unlocked version with a T Mobile chip . The best combination . 
  These Canadian and Ugandan Lamia 920's cannot be serviced by okia USA . If you have a Rodgers variant and call Rodgers , Canada , they refuse to help you cause the phone was purchased in the US . 
  This is my Third or Forth okia phone and It's great . Only complaint is that it's a power hog . My last okia could last almost all week without needing to be charged . I constantly have to watch the power consumption and charge this phone at least twice a day . 
  love the camera , amazing wireless charging capability , can use the phone with glove on , just lacking a few app , amazing nonetheless : D
  Phone arrived on time and was as mentioned factory unlocked . Although , the start up screen featured a mexican telecom provider logo , I am not bothered by ital in all a good deal . 
  Have issue with making call . while making call it keeps showing No service message . Most of the time people can't reach meile taking video the mobile gets heated badly . Charge doesnt stay long too . 
  I just want to pure my anger and to let you know how I feel about the phone I bought . I was so angry that I could not express my anger at that point . . I just felt I should let you guy now what I experience when I got the phone . . The okia lamia 920 it's not just a failure but it's a mistake . I reerected buying that phone cause I did not use the phone for a week it just went off and could not come on again till date . . am not in United state where I can send it back without spending money can you spend such amount of money buying a phone that u will not use not even for a week . am pestify am not happy . I reerected doing business with Amazon . and will not do business again if Nutting is done about my complain . 
  Faster than the old phone . Easy touch . Loud ring tone Play movie fast Can even replace your camera for picture taking . Really high quality picture . Share with friend instantly . Can record 1080HD Video through its komarch totally loves this phone . 
  okia Lamia 920 has too many connectivity issue 3g 4g , and in my case the phone body has a lose edge . 
  I really had very good expectation about the okia 920 . Everything was doing fine till three day ago when the battery just started to give me trouble . It began to discharge very quickly and , even more important , not to charge ! ! ! ! !  ! This is very frustrating because one of the very good reason to buy a okia always was its battery live in Brazil and I really want a way to solve this problem as soon as possible . 
  The okia application are great as always but window phone doesn't allow me to link my work email to this phone , also every time you need to fix something you need to reset to original setting and ask for the place where the phone was first registered which in this case was Germany . So I'm reselling it and going back to my old phone
  I chose this one over phone5 due to its superior camera hardware . How i regret my decision . image from 902 are not as sharp as those taken from an ip5 . The app are just a joke . For now , 920 meets my basic need to check email , navigation and information online , but not a fun phone . I will definitely go to phone once I'm eligible for an upgrade . 
  the screen fails from time to time , any of the support recommendation work . The place where I bought it did not give me a solution and I got it just 04 month ago , the problem is worst because live in Chile , I am waiting for a solution from NOKIA . 
  Happy with the outlook but not happy with functionality . The phone seems to loose network connection all the time . I can't reach people and they can't reach me either yet the phone is on
  I have used Android , symbion , Palm , Blackberry , io . Most recent being Android and io . I initially had doubt of window for a mobile o as i had window on version 5 and 6 which are not overly user centric . However I was completely surprised with the a interface being fluid and very intuitive . The screen is sharp and goes to show norias commitment to clarity . Wireless charging is amazingly convenient . Battery is ok though I have noticed certain day where my usage has not change tends to drain more quickly . Novia's branded app are fantastic though here lens does little for me currently i can see its usefulness other location . The lack of app on window store is not as much as a hassle as i would have thought . 
  Kind of disappointed I was using the Lamia 920 as normal but suddenly it just did not response to anything . I had to search online for solution , finally I pressed power volume down to make it reset , now it is still survived . 
  I love this phonet is very handy and has a lot of features . Make this the one phone to have ! 
  This phone meet and exceed my expectations , I love it and will be purchasing another very soon class ratingCheer
  This is not a new phone uff0cis a renew phone uff0cI checked the IMEI in NOKIA official web uff0cbut I find it out of orientates worse uff0cThe software in a now phone has update in different date uff0c so I think it must be a renew phone
  El tel u00e9fono E tod lo Que yo esperaba , Buena c u00e1mara , Buena interface De Assaracus u00e1 lo u00fanico Que Le falda son ma aplicaciones en el marketplace . 
  I PURCHASED A NOKIA LUMINA 920 BLACK . I AM PLESANTLY SURPRISED . AT FIRST I DID NOT LIKE THE PHONE SO THE SAME DAY I RECEIVED IT I REQUESTED A RETURN LABEL WHICH I IMMEDIATELY RECEIEVED FROM THE SELLER BUT I STILL HAVE . IF YOU WANT A GOOD SIZE PHONE NOT TO BIG NOT TOO SMALL AND look GOOD YOU SHOULD GET THIS PHONE BUT WHEN YOU RECEIVE IT TAKE YOUR TIME . ITS NOT AN IPHONE OF WHICH I HAVE IPHONE 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 AS A MATTER OF FACT I WAS ONE OF THE FIRST TO STAND ON LINE THE DAY THE IPHONE CAME OUT . ITS NOT AN ANDROID GALAXY NOTE 1 WHICH I ALSO HAVE . I BOUGHT THAT ONE FROM AMAZON . THE window STORE HAS GREATELY IMPROVED ON ITS APP CONTENT , MAKING IT POSSIBLE TO CUSTOMIZE . FOR INSTANCE YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY REPLACE THE ORIGINAL CALENDAR WITH THE CHRONOS CALANDER FROM THE window STORE ITS MUCH BETTER . I ALSO DOWNLOADED HIPCLIENT TO LOG INTO MY EXTERNAL SEAGATE HARD DRIVEI ALSO CHANGED MY LOCK SCREEN TO ACCUWEATHER LOCK SCREEN . THIS PHONE IS CUSTOMIZABLE . MY icon ON MY HOME SCREEN ARE LIVE I CAN SEE THE ACTUAL TEMPERATURE IN THE ICON UNLIKE MY IPHONE . THE PHONE look GOOD FEELS GOOD AND work WELL , SO TAKE YOUR TIME ITS A TOTALLY DIFFRENT OPERATING SYSTEM BUT ONCE YOU GET THE HANG OF IT YOU WILL NEVER PUT IT DOWN . I AM WRITING THIS BECAUSE I DON'T THINK EITHER NOKIA OR MICROSOFT IS MAKING THEIR POINT VERY WELL . HAD I NOT VENTURED OUT ON MY OWN I WOULD NOT BE ENJOYING THIS PHONE TODAY . DON'T WANT YOU TO MISS OUT . THE PHONE IS FABALOUS . 
  I received this phone a couple of day ago , and while it says it is an LTE phone , I spent 3 hour with AT&T ; trying to make LTE work . Additionally , I spent 4 hour researching Website for LYE fixe for this phone . My old phone was LTE and worked fine , so ATT is not the problem . Additionally , the WFI connection on this phone kept dropping and each time I had to re enter the password to get it to reconnect , after doing the ~ 20 time I decided this one is going back . I requested a return this evening . My family and I have several window phone that work fine , so I think it is the phone . The box says it was destined for Saudi Arabia , not the U . S .  , maybe it would work better there . 
  I just bought the 920 and love it . Love it so much , that I sold my phone and Ibad to purchase windowpane product . The issue I love are : 1 Very Durable and solid2 Great interface and camera3 Easy to pick up on4 command and option are self explanatorySome of the Cons : 1 Battery usage is a killer2 More program needed for Window phone . The selection is very limitedOverall , I really like the phone . Whether that continues is in MS hand to give more software choice . 
  I tried using a few different window Phone 8 device a few month back Lamia 620 , Lamia 820 , Lamia 810 and they were good phone , but they were either buggy or too slow . Choppy audio , duplicate music file , poor music file tagging , unplayable betwixt file from the Store , and buggy SD card support plagued all of them . Some of these item remain with the Lamia 920 , but this must have an updated version of the o , because thing are improved . Audio no longer stutter and there are no problem with duplicate music file . Music file tagging is still broken , especially album and artist artwork , but I was able to fix most of the artwork via the MPATool app . The box Music connection option does not fix any of this . It's actually sad that Microsoft's built in music solution is such a huge step back from WP7 , and it remains as my biggest complaint about WP8 . Microsoft seems to want you to use their online box Music service instead of CD rips . betwixt file from the Store play perfectly . However , you cannot manually add betwixt file to your phone and have them show up in your betwixt section . If you manually add betwixt file to your phone , they will show up in the Music section , which is strange . Sorting option are not as varied as it was in WP7 . This is one of the few WP8 device that has 32 gig of storage , which is great for a guy like me who store his entire music collection on the phone , and I download a lot of betwixt . It's a shame more phone don't come with this much storage . I picked a phone with this amount of storage to avoid using a micro SD cardi bought an unlocked version so I can use my T Mobile sim card . As of August 28 , 2013 , the phone has not received the GDR2 Amber update , which is a shame . Novia's website says it's still in testing , so hopefully this phone will get it snaff all of the WP8 device I have used , this one offer the best experience . The o has some flaw when it comes to the way it handles media , but you can work around them for the most part . The rest of the o is exceptional . It's slick , pretty , and has plenty of application . The live tile are really cool and give the o a unique look and flathe hardware is great . The screen is big and beautiful . The 1280x768 screen is crisp and clear . The phone is rectangular , but with curved edge . It's almost too big to be a pocket phone , but not quite . The 1 . 5 GHz dual core CPU make for a very smooth user experience . Compared to my old Samsun Focus , all application and game are noticeably vestrify this model received quicker o update , it would be a serious contender for the top WP8 device . As is , it's still an excellent phone . 
  I like this product very well , the sailer good too !  !  ! Very thanksVery well for my family and house ! 
  Accidentally dropped my okia Lamia 920 which resulting in the glass cracking . This phone has Gorilla Glass 2 protection and one drop the phone screen crack up .  . It an expensive phone with an inferior glass .  . Didn't get my full money worth . .  . 
  Blue Screen of Death BSOD after only 2 day of use ! This is UNACCEPTABLE whatever other advantage this phone has . Had to be window to ruin a good thing . I bought a 400 brick . Avoid like plague ! 
  So I open it and slip in my SIM . Does not work . Call Version and they sent a new sim the next day . Still does not work . So it is clearly not unlocked as I used the sim with another Lumina Version that did work . 
  Three star rating to seller GSM Nation . For sending the new unlocked not AT&T ; unlocked phone as described but its still has a Polish carrier logo on start which mean it still has the polish carrier software / setting with it . The phone had its basic setup in Polish lang but changed it to English without any issue . 
  On my first review , I could not use Here Drive because of country licence issue . It is now solved , and the phone is everything I expected , and more . If only the battery could last longer . 
  I was expecting that company with the name in mobile business will treat its flagship product with proper attention . Especially when the sale are poor and company loses money every month was wrong . Not only the o is half baked , no useful program , no map of my region , no even descent music player . In addition , the phone reboot itself for no reason , 2 3 time a day , no matter what I tathata is super annoying . Having said that , I admit that I like the overall idea of WP8 , but honestly , implementation is horribility whom I would recommend this ? I dont know , maybe to my family's enemy or to some crazy Microsoft lover/okia geek , so he/she could spend day and night setting up and rebooting this useless piece of hardware . . . I dont know . Seriously , with all this hype around window Phone platform , and how it is so much better then other competitor why is the flagship hardware , backed by 2 super corporation , is so buggy , unreliable , useless ? How come ? 
  I am a big fan of okia . When I got this phone I was pretty excited , but when I connected to the internet and tried to do thing , I had to register with okia AND THEN Microsoft . I'm still trying to figure this stuff out as I don't have good internet connection in Afghanistan , so it takes me a little longer do I have to register twice with two different compagnie ? That's big downfall for me . I'm confused about where to buy app or whatever for this phone because I put my payment info with okia . . . but it seems I'm not buying app from okia ? I really like the phone , but it's too confusing with two different company thing . Apple has it easy , you register and buy everything from atune . Easy , peasy , done deal . Microsoft sucks and so far not a fan at all of window 8 on this phone . I wish they would update the phone without having window 8 or anything to do with Microsoft . One stop shopping is where it's at . . . . ********UPDATE*********I really got tired of this phone . I went and bought a Sony expire Z instead . Waiting for that to get here , then selling this okia 920 . This phone is slow to me . Not happy and I hate Microsoft on this phone ! Too confusing and just not worth the headache ! 
