  I'm somewhat of a Tech junkie . Therefore , I've owned/own my fair share of device . phone 3g , 3g , HTC EVO , EVO 3D , Galaxy TAB 7 . 7 , Droid razer Max , and droid DNA by HTC , to name a few . This by far does what all the above do and MORE . I am not a Samsun fan , but as of late they have set the bar in what modern tech can be . Anyone debating on making the leap to this monster of a device shouldn't hesitate ! I thought the size would make it uneasy to handle since I have small hand but , I quickly got used to it . It also has 1 handed mode , where you can switch the keyboard , phone dial pad , and een the calculator to favour either side with the touch of an arrow ! I know women who have no problem operating the phone with the smallest hand . There is already a wealth of accessorii at your disposal since this is a global device , as well as being available on 5 U . S carrier's . This has taken over my tablet as my browsing and media device . The pen acts as a mouse with feature like hovering over link to show preview of email , web content , photo album and even show a live preview with sound of your video just by hovering ! this device is nothing short of amazing ! of course , the main reason this device is made , being a phone , it is excellent and reception and 4g LTE connectivity where available . No dropped call and everyone sound clear and say that I sound clear on my end . Buy it ! Pros : super fast quad core 1 . 6 GHz processor . Large 5 . 5 inch super amole 720 p HD screen non pantile version plethora of the feature including the extra feature that that pen enables . Great battery life with 3100 Mah battery wauch is removable . Micro sd slot for up to 64 gb of external storage . Con : Pricey , but you will not need to worry about your device venoming obsolete before your next device , as its packing the latest and greatest in every aspect besides the 1st and only 1080p display in the USA on the DNA . Which that device has ONLY a 2020 MAH battery , and a few other shortcoming which I don't need to list in this review little large , but as I mentioned you will quickly become accustomed to the size and everything else will feel unnecessarily small . Making myself wonder why I ever wanted such a small device especially with this being pocketable . My conclusion . This is hand down the best device for all your entertainment , productivity , and typical smartphone need ! 
  I will not needlessly critique the mobile phone , as it is the best handset on the market largest most attractive screen , extremely thoughtful and intuitive Samsun customised user interface , best battery life had been a Version Wireless customer for 4 year recently on the Galaxy Nexus phone use lot of data for streaming investment information , and the Galaxy Nexus was inferior when tethering / mobile hotspotting it to my laptop computer . The Sprint 4G LTE network in Chicago and Rockford , IL is faster than Version's . Likely this is due to the lack of traffic , as Version's network was fast a year ago , but much slower now . 2011 : 15mbp DL / 10Mbp UL , 2012 : 4mbps DL / 3mbp UL on Version ; 2012 : 20mbps DL / 15mbp UL on Sprint Sprint , having a deep pocketed Japanese investor , is poised to be the top carrier in 5 year . They simply have more wireless bandwidth they intend to leverage . The Galaxy Note 2 I got thru Amazon . com for 100 as a new line of service . Add to that the 100 discountfor switching from Version to Sprint and the GN2 mobile phone was free . If that were not enough , Sprint offer CREDIT UNION customer 10% off on their bill , AND , waives the 35 activation fee . Sprint deal are simply the best . Lastly , Sprint voice mail service seamlessly integrates with Google Voice . Google Voice allows for efficient and easy voice mail and calling service . Notably , when I left Version I had forgotten to back up my voice mail message , and they were lost permanently . Google Voice email me the voice mail message as an audio file AND transcribes the verbal message in the email as well . A feature that is cutting edge , and remarkable . Anyone reading this review must choose this phone , with this carrier Sprint . The 100 discount to switch carrier , along with a credit union discount of 10% , and waiver of the activation fee , make Sprint 1 in competitiveness . 
  This phone amazes me every day . It is not only fun to use and explore , but seriously one of the most interesting gadget I've ever used . I bought the phone 5 first , which I was super excited about at the time . After 2 week of glitch , dropped call , microphone malfunction , and boring interface I decided to try out the galaxy . WOW . A world of difference . The phone seems like a dinosaur next to this phone/mini computer . I love my galaxy note II , and having the phone first make me appreciate this phone that much more . There are so many cool feature , like handwriting text with the pen , burst shot photography , you can make cool and intricate artwork with using the pen and appropriate application , the list goes on and I'm still learning . This is the best phone I've ever had by far . It has excellent call quality , I have yet to have a dropped call , and unlike the phone 5 everyone can actually hear me ! The screen display vivid colour and is the perfect size for viewing video and photo but not too large that it's a nuisance . I highly recommend this phone . 
  I had an phone 3g that kept getting slower with each o update . The battery finally died after nearly 3 year . I originally tried the first Note phone in June and the touch screen software was clumsy while the pen was uncomfortable to aseethe pen has pressure sensitivity and I use it to draw with often . It's got a good camera , and the native software do their job well . It's good enough for anything I can think of so far , and I'm very happy with its responsiveness . It's a great piece of hardware on the inside , however the outside visual aesthetic is boring aside from being thin , grey , and smooth but that doesn't matter if you buy a case . I have a serious case of man hand and this phone feels righthand Google map is awesome on this phone . One of the biggest reason why I chose not to go with the new phone is because of their sub par Apple branded map app . I am astounded how manly leap and bound Google map is beyond the Apple Map app . I am very glad I switched , and I am very happy with this piece of hardware . I got a blue tooth headset two week after I bought this phone , and I feel like I am in the future now . 
  I have waited long time . This phone is fast . Faster than Laptop . I was with Version and I could not wait until November 27 . I went to check with SPRINT . They have better phone plan Unlimited Data and much cheaper than Version . I switched and found it worked better in my house . I teach the computer in my church and found they have 4G coverage in the area and Version does not have 4G in the area . It work better . Most of my friend who has I Phone checked this phone and find this is more responsive and smooth than I Phone . My daughter should use medical program for her work and her performance goes up because of the faster speed of the response . Because of quad core process , the web response become much faster . I am not worried about the storage because I have installed 64 GB micro SD card . I checked the navigation . This is much smoother than gp . I am considering to buy the mount and car charger . Once I changed to manual sync from auto sync of my e mail account , the battery can hold 2 day enough . This become the walking entertainment machine for me since you can enjoy the U Tube . I don't need to buy I Pad and I phone . I could use for both . I am very happy with my purchase from SPRINT . 
  This is about a phone that can do it Allin a couple short year , Samsun has created a new form factor and design to lead us into the future of smartphone . 6 year ago , my favourite phone was my Tro 650 . A trusty Swiss Army knife type phone that was a blend between PDA and cellphone , issued to me by my company at the time . It had everything a professional could want in one package . . .  . albeit a very bulky package . Since leaving that company , I have had quite a few cellphone with NONE of them matching the utility and business acumen of the trusty Tro 650 . I played with hardware QWERTY phone and some with snazzy screen and dual core . Each phone had it's own draw , but none of them covered all the base . phone began to get smaller instead of expanding their role as Digital Asistants . Until now . Samsun has changed the game with this segment defining piece of mastery . The skill that they have amassed since their entry into the Android sphere have culminated to a device that is part computer , part cellphone and part everything else in between . THIS IS TRULY ONE PHONE THAT CAN REPLACE MANY IF NOT ALL OF YOUR doughfaceism not going to get into all the fantastic spec and number that this phone currently holds title to , because in the world of smartphone , this will only last a short while . What I want to show you is why you should seriously consider this phone as your device for the next 2 years . The spec themselves are enough to persuade many to purchase this phone including myself , but it is the thing that don't hit the spec sheet that will make you happy after the inital buzz wears off . thing like the Pen Samsun's Stylus that is based on award winning Waco technology and Samsun's dedication to cater to everyone make this the perfect companion . Multi screen , just one of Samsun's many development , allows you to run two app at the same time , sharing half of the screen each . You can also dynamically change the amount of screen that each app occupies . Want to shoot off an email while finishing up that outbuy video ? Do it at the same time . This is just one example of the Note I's applauses MATTERS : My previous phone to the Galaxy Note II was the T Mobile MTech 4G Slide . A QWERTY device with 3 . 6 screen . And although the screen on the Note II is nearly 2 inch greater , the flatness of the Note II make it fit in my pocket more comfortably . The weight is just about perfect with a nice 50/50 balance between all side . Holding the phone for the first time felt a bit strange as my hand got used to being more open . Within a week , the Note II felt perfectly natural . In fact , I feel quite weird grabbing an phone or my old MT4GS and having to hold it closer to see . I notice that the Note I's viewing position is much more natural for my arm and eye . Samsun even included toggle to change the font size to match your need , as well as a one handed mode in some app so you don't have to reach across the full screen with your thumb . All other phone look small to me now . The Note II has literally changed meathe screen real estate comes in REAL handy when using SplashTop to remote into my window 8 machine . The Pen doubles as a mouse , if you don't feel like attaching a regular mouse using a USB OTG On The Go adaptor . That's right : the Note II can use standard peripheral like wired/wireless keyboard and mice . During the my 2 week vacation , I was able to remote into my work computer and stay productive using a wireless mouse and a bluetooth keyboard Logitech . I'm not even going to get into all the thing you can draw and create with Note and Pen , you should play with that yourself at a store if possible . Another place that the increased screen size has come in handy is while watching movie and video . All eye will hit your Note II when it comes time to share video with a few people . No need to break out a tablet or computer , everyone will have a good view . And if you want a bigger screen , one button will send your screen image in the gallery to DLNA capable device like my Sony Brava LED TV to be put on screen . Some people will want to hold out on getting this device since it does not have a full 1080p screen like some that are soon to launch including the Droid DNA . To me , the 720p screen of the Note II does a fantastic job . I cannot discern the difference between pixel , even when holding the phone painfully close to my face . That said , the Note II is able to manipulate the 720 line of resolution with aplomb , making it an excellent Netflix watching experience . I'm not sure if the extra pixel will make much of a difference . CANNOT HOLD IT Dianthus phone just cannot be held down . I have seen outbuy video of torture test that show how much this device can handle . There will be no point at which you will outpace the phone unless you are deliberately trying to bog it down . And with all this strength , you would expect the Note II to have a battery that can hold up to the demand of such a powerful device . And Samsun delivered the good , mating the Note II with an enormous 3100mAh 3 . 8V battery 11 . 78Wh if you're counting . This easily lasts me all day , and I like playing with my phone . The battery is removable if you have any concern with spare easily available . I have a spare battery and only found it necessary during a plane trip in which it became my movie player . FUTURE PROOFWith technologies like NFC , DLNA , MHL 11 pin , USB OTG , LTE , Bluetooth 4 . 0 , and wifie 802 . 11 b/g/n the Note II is FULLY future proof . You certainly won't be left out in the cold when some companion device comes along and requires one of these technologies to in order to have full functionality . ie . titbit's BT 4 . 0 requirement or NFC for contact less payment and sharing . EXCLUSIVESamsun has worked hard to create service and feature that other manufacturer do not dare to dream . The social and sharing capabilities of the Galaxy line will make them a coveted group . The Smart Dock look it up is just another example of how Samsun is shaping the what we can do with our device . Being the Flagship device , you cannot go wrong with the Galaxy Note II . And if you don't like the colour choice right now , more option will be out soon as Samsun has realised that they have a winner in the Note II . 
  Amazing phone . Switched from phone 4 . I love this communication device . Does everything a tablet , computer , camera , and phone should do . Great app . 4G LTE is so fast . 
  I placed my Amazon order for the Titanium Gray Galaxy Note 2 on Black Friday for 199 . It was a sweet deal because everywhere else , including Sprint , was selling it for 299 , and no one would match the special pricing . Initially it was on backorder with a ship date of Jan 6th , but ended up shipping a month early . So I received the phone on Dec 6th and been having fun with it ever since . Its a huge upgrade from my previous phone , so there's a bit of a learning curve . But its been almost 2 week , and I'm loving it ! Just today a buddy of mine asked about my phone because after seeing it in action , he Want to get one for himself . I showed him the phone on Amazon and noticed the phone is now 99 . Upon calling customer service about their low price guarantee , they issued a refund for the difference . Sweet deal Amazon ! ! As for the phone itself , its a real joy to work with . The screen is gorgeous and the display is really responsive . No lag whatsoever . Samsun has really stepped up the quality of their device . One of the most repeated argument against this phone is the size . But it is a niche device , and the people who buy this phone want it because of the size of the display . The Pen is very precise and the included app allow you to create as if you were using an actual pen and pad , but without all the crumbled up piece of paper . My one and only qualm about this phone is the Smart Stay/Rotation feature , where if its activated the device is supposed to keep the screen orientation on portrait as long as you're looking at the screen . Should work when you lie down and turn the phone sideways . It doesn't seem to work all the time , but I suppose that is because it may have trouble detecting some peoples' eyes/face . Other than that , everything work as advertised . I did lot of research on the GN2 and other high end smart phone before buying . This phone was the best fit for me , and I'm very happy with my new purchase . 
  I'm issued between 3 4 of the newest phone each year ranging from phone , window , Android , you name it . I was hesitant but curious about the Note 2 . The spec were exciting ; the quad core processor ? Woof . I was mostly concerned about the overall size of the phone . I went from an phone with a 3 . 5 inch screen to the Note with a 5 . 5 inch screen . First off , I'm a tall guy with large hand . Navigating the phone with one hand is rarely an issue for me . It is very slim and very light and fit in every pair of pant pocket that I unwive come to love the size of the phone . There is a transition period to going to a larger phone like this , but I couldn't be more happy with this device . I'm more of an Apple guy and had the option to go with the 5 , but I'm perfectly content with my Note for the time phoenicopter life is AMAZING . I definitely recommend hooking up to wifie and home and at work if you have the ability to . Configured correctly , I could go THREE day between charge when connected to wifie . That is completely unheard of these day with smart phone . When signal drop , battery tends to drain faster of course , but this is hand down the best smartphone battery life I've ever come across . It is ranked number 2 in smartphone battery life behind the Droid Max , but I personal haven't been very impressed with Motorola's phone as of latewhile recommended device . Samsun is making some very , very good smartphone lately . 
  In 1 hour you will start thinking it's not too big and in 1 day you will be comfortable with it . I actually would go bigger in a year or so . ConsKinda pricey I had to buy mine outright and it's 625 but now I won't have a contract and can sell it for at least half that later unporous fast ! Amazing screen seascout core processor . Battery life is sometimes 2 day with moderate usage . Very light and sleek considering it's sizeine short , best phone I've ever had ! If the note 3 comes out and continues down the same path I'll definitely be getting it . 
  I finally decided to pull the trigger and get a smartphone . I was with verzino but somebody hacked my account so I decided to make a change . I researched all the carrier and chose sprint family everything plan . I waited until the monday before thanksgiving and I'm glad I did . I bought 3 phone , the galaxy note 2 for 199 . 00 , the galaxy 3 for my wife 29 . 00 and a flip phone for my mother in law . All 3 phone I got for 229 . 00 . Also if you go with sprint and you have AAA they will waive all the . activation fee and give you 10 percent off your monthly bill . Now for the note 2 . I'm 6'3 with large hand so the size of phone is good for me . I drive a concrete truck so I wanted a phone I could see netflix easily on . I have an koss dash holder for it which work well . This phone is awsome . Its fast , responsive , whether you're using the pen , app , camera , whatever , everything I've done with this phone work really well . I paired a Motorola hx550 bluetooth with it and the 300 foot range of the earpiece allows me to leave this phone in the cab and still talk clearly while working at the back of the truck . It fit in my pocket but I carry it in a magnetic pouch on my belt which I also got on amazon for 3 . 00 . 5 . 00 with shipping . For me I know I hit a Homerus picking this phone . call are clear and easy to type on . Theres so much more . Anybody who has this phone knows what I'm talking about . 
  You so need to get this thing ! I'm not going to call it a phone or even smartphone , this is beyond that in what it can do . Dual screen and the best processing out there . Please find it on sale though three hundred is a bit much for any phone . The only thing I could say negative is that it is a bit funking feeling holding it up to your ear , thank you bluetooth . 
  I'm going to try to keep this short this phone is amazing . I'm a real estate agent and I've never been able to keep up with email and voice message like I have with this device . The size of the screen make it incredibly easy to use . With a few app , I'm able to create professional quality PDF on my phone using the camera , have client sign contract and document with the pen , read my voice messages ; take Note on the Note app using the pen , sync my work document to my phone via drop box , edit Excel and Word documents ; track time with my client with the click of one button for billing , give voice command for calling while I'm driving , etc . etc . etc love the dual antenna because I have the wireless hotspot on my plan , and it allows my to use the internet on my laptop AND talk on the phone at the same time far as the size of the phone I'm 6'2 , so this thing fit perfectly in my hand and I carry it in my pocket like any other phone I've owned . I usually put it in the seat next to me when I drive because it's just too big to get out of my pocket if someone call , though . I assume a blue tooth headset would help . My only complaint is that the volume is not that great while I'm on the phone again , probably solved with a blue tooth ear piece . It's not terrible , but it's not great either . The speaker phone option is actually good , but I rarely use it . This small annoyance is so far outweighed by the benefit , its not even Vanthe battery life is great . It gets me all the way through the day without having to plug in and that's with very heavy usage I've been an Android user for year and I've never had a phone that will do that . Leaving the hot spot on for a while will drain it fast , though !  . The pen make Swope teeting 10 time more accurate and so much faster can now send and receive group chat from phone user none of my other android phone could . I couldn't recommend this phone more highly . I've had it for about two week and it's literally changed the way I'm doing business . And yes , that is the short version of my raving review ; 
  Just got the phone a couple of day ago from Version . Don't know why it took so much longer for it to come out with Version than with all the other carrier , but now that I have it I think it was totally worth the wait . The speed of this phone is faster than even my laptop . Voice recognition is very good , though you do still need to speak clearly into it . The size of the phone is obviously not going to be for everyone , but it still fit in my pocket . It does seem like it is comically big to hold against your face , but nothing that a bluetooth can't take care of . The worst thing about the phone is that it is hard me to get away from my daughter so that I can explore it even more . If you can overlook the size which honestly is not that bad then this is definitely the way to go . 
  My wife and I upgraded from Ev 4Gs . My wife got a Galaxy S3 , and I got the Note 2 . Her phone is very nice ; great display that's bright and large ; it's thin and light , you can expand the memory with micro sd card , and it has a changeable battery . The Galaxy S3 is an excellent phone . My Note 2 is all of the above , with the additional benefit of a huge battery that typically lasts about 18 20 hour per charge and is still changeable , an incredibly fast quad core processor , and an even bigger screen . The phone is large , but I have no problem using it with one hand . However , I must admit that with Dockers , the phone stick out of my back pocket . Other than that , this is a terrific phone . If it weren't too large for some of my rear pocket , it would be perfect . When I look at my daughter's phone 5 , I can't believe that anyone Want to use a phone with such a tiny display , non expandable memory , and a built in battery . I don't think I could go back to any phone with a smaller screen . BTW the pen is very cool ; I'm learning to use it , and it is a great tool , once you know how to use it . 
  This is absolutely the best phone I've use so far and like most we usually say that about all of our new phone but this time I mean it . Unlike most , the big size of the phone is what drew me to it . . . it was calling my name . It felt natural and comfortable as though they made this phone for me and it felt that way the minute I took hold of it . I can even use it one handed and I don't consider my hand the biggest . I really don't know what other are complaining about the size being too big and yes it fit in my pocket with ease . I put my EVO LTE face to face with this phone and its only about 1/4 wider and 1 taller . I got this phone because I got tired of having too many device , so I sold my Nexus 7 and EVO LTE so that I could reduce the number of device and only carry one . This device is all I will ever need until the Note 3 and from now on this ex HTC and EVO fan will be buying Samsun Galaxy Note . This device does the thing of many without having to carry many . I really truly love this big beautiful device . So many feature packed in one device with excellent battery life . It may not be for everyone but it is definitely for me . 
  In the beginning I was Skeptical to make an investment in this particular product and signing a 2 year contract in addition with it . One of the main reason was the size of this device , boasting a 5 . 5 screen which compared to all other product is significant screen space . After receiving the phone in the mail and having it in full use for almost a week now I am completely satisfied . The size is pretty large , but for those with larger hand it is a nice fit and adjusting to the size will come easier than you expect . On the other hand if you have fairly small hand this phone will be a two handed operation which becomes difficult for many . Battery life is one issue I have struggled with on phone in the past . This phone however has managed to have enough battery life to last 15 full hour of constant usage of calling , teeting , emailing , music listening , internet surfing , app downloading , and a number of other task all within one day non stop . The battery life is significantly longer if a minimal amount of use occurs . The quality and speed are leap and bound above the phone I have used in the past or compared to those when I was shopping for this most recent phone . The phone was worth every dollar spent and has given a new meaning to what a babelet phone/tablet is . After having this phone I can't imagine having a phone of a lesser size or quality and Samsun has created a phone which excels in all categories and trumph the phone and all phone hand down . 
  I have an unlocked phone and use with ATT and T Mobile . Same phone with a different chipset is used for Sprint/Verizon . When one opens the box , there is a sense of awe . People ask Is this really a phone was one reaction I got . It is an amazing piece of hardware . I have used Android device starting from Cupcake version , used phone , HP Veer with webs , window 7 . 5 HTC Titan 2 . This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far . It is fabulous ! I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all . Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6 ? ! The manual PDF is definitely a must read , there are lot of tip in the manual that comes in handy . For example motion based sensor are extraordinary . Closing the phone with palm silences it . Sliding palm takes a scranched . There are several such example . Read the manlet of the box , connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account . The advantage of Android phone is that once you are logged into Google universe , everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android . The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2 . The additional LED for notification on top is very handy . Listen Apple ? The camera serves some really futuristic idea also . It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock even if you set timeout to say 30 sec . Also it can serve as password unlock . Amazing ! These can be set from setting Menthe Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4 . 1 . 1 . Kernel version is 3 . 0 . 31 259982 . Model GT N7100 . I got the 64 GB micros card . Get this mobileUltra , it is the latest as of Oct 2012 . Sandusky 64GB Mobile Ultra Macrostachya's Class 6 Memory Card with SD adaptor Retail Packaging . setting show an available space of 59 . 45 GB . So along with 16 GB built system show only around 10 . 46 GB , my Note 2 has 80 GB memory . With music in the Google Music cloud , I intent to use the memory for video/picture as a camcorder/camera strongly suggest going through setting and customising many thing as per your desire . I did Voice Input , Keyboard this comes with English UK , change to English US for example . Fiddle around the setting and you will be amazed how much you can customise . I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar . One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button . I realized it was next to Sym button . Long press it and choose Mic . And then on , it will appear in default keyboard . Also customise the accent . It can do magic for typing . I type paragraph at a time effortlessly . This is Google backend server at work . The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job ! S Pen , Ah .  . I was truly impressed . You have to use these to believe it . The note taking was very fluid . Samsung seem to have nailed it . I wrote up an equation in Equation mode x^5 = x^2 2x . . .  . Something completely random , another one d/dx an equation and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search , it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it . It is at first unbelievable and then it start to sink in this is a computer program made well . Like it should be in first place ! Export to PDF is very good . The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing . Overall , the phone feels very smooth and snappy . The screen is crisp and clear . app can even be multi screened . Samsung approved app can be placed two in a screen . Eg . map on top and email on bottom portion . I doubt I will use this , but handy . One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back . Typically if you lie the phone down , the speaker is blocked on bottom . I wish the speaker were in the side . This is a design decision and not sure why phone have speaker on back . But the speaker volume is very high , so I am not complaining too much . One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free app , they cannot be permanently deleted . So even if you get a junk app , and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store . From the phone's play store I got 300 app . One cannot choose 50 app and say get all these . You have to do one by one . After getting one , the screen reset to beginning . So I went to a computer browser and pushed app to pone . This is easier and faster . UPDATE : In Jelly bean , you have a circle with a / and pressing it prompts a pop up to delete . After delete it reverts to top of the list again . Why dont they go to same spot . I have hundred , so it is a pain , nevertheless good feature . I will delete few every day ! Some of app I have as of now : Amazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app show ARMv7 , Max Freq 1 . 6 GHz , BogoMips 1592 . 52 Memory 1 . 79 GB , Free 365 MB , Internal Storage 10 . 46 GB Free 7 . 18 GB . Total Process running 271 ! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry bird Space/Seasons Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBeyondPodBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents nice way to read News Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio need headphone LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console : Library ebook & Audiobooks public library consumption of media Microsoft One Note legacy doc , skydrive of 25 GB is good Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator still need to use vi , yes this is it TweetCaster Pro for Android excellent twitter client Twit . TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk question , the review cannot do justice to Note 2 , I find something new always . I will be glad to answer any question . 
  I think this is an amazing device . When I first started seeing people with these GN and GN2 I thought to myself that they looked too large for a phone , but after having my own it didn't take more than a few day before anything else just feels too small . The processor is snappy , program open and do exactly what is expected when called upon . The battery life I'm getting is 20 hour with moderate use . I've had several day when I went greater than 24 hour on a single charge . I'm a paramedic who work 24 hour shift , so that kind of battery life from a smart phone is a godsend . I've even been able to easily install Adobe Flash from the Adobe website archive and now I can watch Amazon Instant Video on this beautiful screen practically anywhere !  ! I've not encountered any problem with foreclose issue or random reboot or adenotomy only concern with this phone is that the first device I owned was working just fine up until a firmware update from Android 4 . 1 . 1 to 4 . 1 . 2 was forced Sprint is my carrier , and I suddenly had poor to no reception in many place . It seemed as though the cell radio was averaging 15 20 dBm less than the other 3 phone on our plan in any given area . I don't know if there was a hardware failure that occurred at the same time as the update , or if the update caused the reception problem . But after 2 week of trouble shoot and wait with Sprint tech support , they replaced my original Galaxy Note 2 with a brand new one . The brand new one work excellent , just as good as my first one did and it still had Android 4 . 1 . 1 on it . So when the system prompted me to accept the update to 4 . 1 . 2 I declined it because I'm half convinced that the update was the problem with my first device . So now my gripe isn't with the Galaxy Note 2 , but with the constant nag notification that keep prompting me to accept the System Software Update . It's non stop , and I cannot figure out how to make them quit bugging me already . The only thing I have read about that work would involve 'rooting' my device , but that would void the warranty . So , that's my ONLY gripe with this device . 
  This phone is worth the money because there is nothing you can't do with itai paid 700 for it and it has replaced my 1200 computer . This isn't a phone its a computer . If you buy one be sure you get the biggest storage midland a 64 gigabyte stockrider going to need it at some point . it's really easy to use it does fit in your pocket . And no one thinks you look funny with it in your hand . Every one Want to play with it . I don't let them loliI love my note 2 and I can't wait to see the note3 loli
  If you are contemplating getting this phone , there's a couple thing you should know The phone is huge . I upgraded from the HTC Ev 4g and the screen alone is bigger than my entire old phone . If you wear pant with tiny/tight pocket , then you'll have trouble finding a place to put this . That being said , the phone is exceptionally thin and Slide easily into my pocket . It's also very light considering the size , however there are definitely lighter phone on the market if that's a key point for you . The big screen is very helpful if you plan to have multiple window open a great feature of the galaxy line . B The phone is more powerful than the SIII if youre looking to compare the two , and while it's not the most powerful on the market , it'll do just about anything you need it to do unless you're often using extremely power intensive app . The pen isn't all that great , and I prefer to think of the note II as a large phone rather than a small tablet , but it can pull off tablet like function if that's what you're looking for . Most of the function on the phone are easily found and understood , so whether you're new or a pro , it's easy to manage and learing Call quality is very clear and loud on the phone , although people might look at you funny for holding such a large contraption to your face . The note II is also very intuitive with calling and messaging function , so it's easy to pick up and Learned If you're reading this review than you're probably also thinking of buying this phone through amazon as I did . I upgraded 3 phone on our family plan all through amazon . The process isn't the most streamlined if you're planning on ordering multiple phone , but I do have to give an A to amazon's customer service . I had to call during the ordering process to figure out how to order multiple phone , and then again when I got an email saying there was an issue and the order was cancelled . Both time my question were effectively answered with very polite and helpful people . I then called Sprint to activate my phone and was again pleased to find helpful customer serfism constantly learning new and interesting function on this phone , and may update this review later if there's something I stumble across that need noting . I own ed an HTC Ev 4g , a Nexus 7 , and now a Samsun Galaxy Note II . I would very much recommend this product to anyone . 
  This has to be one of the smoothest phone available right now . There is no pauses or hangs that I have run into in the week i have owned this phone . There has been a few forced crash in app , but no forced reboot . doucs is taking some getting used as I have come from using Tc's Sense interface since the Apache 6700 day still like Wingo 6 . 5 , just needed better hardware . The size isn't a concern for me so far . fit in my jean and Khaki's with out issue . I know it is there , but it isn't invasive . I currently have this bear motion case , Bear Motion Premium Polio Case for Samsun Galaxy Note 2 Note II N7100 Tri Black , and it fit great and gives me pretty good protection without being overly bulky . Battery life is currently running just over 24 hour with pretty heavy use still a new toy so playing with it constantly . Way better than the 12 hour I was getting with my Ev 4g . Sprint hasn't updated MN yet with LTE , but still pretty slick on wifie and 3g . 
  I like this phone more than any other smart phone I've had so far . It has a gorgeous display . It's really thin and has almost enough battery capacity to play streaming music from dawn until . .  . well not bed time , but maybe dusk plus a little like the fact that it has a stylus and hand writing recognition as well though I haven't used those feature all that much so Farber's : great displaylarge enough touch surface to make the onscreen keyboard useful in landscape and almost adequate in portraithas 4Gyou don't have to pop the battery to change SD cardsvery thinfeel stradiots fast/responsivegood battery capacityabout as large of a screen as possible I think without having an actual tablet rather than something more phone likeCons : off button on the sidion external micro sd card saltant as good at picking up 4g as the HTC Ev 4Gaudio system doesn't support sharing of the sound output by more than 1 app very well this is an android 4 issue I think fewer hardware or system confix option in the setting than I found in earlier android releasesno useful extra programmable hardware button , so you can't quickly access a few app without looking at the devision/off button on the side rather than the top , so it's too easy to hit it when picking up the device the device is too long to pick up one handed by grasping the top and bottom , which make hitting side button pretty likely . .  . you have to remove the cover to switch SD card though not the battery . .  . so maybe another 5 year before they figure out that people might want to be able to store lot of music ect on micro sd card and just quickly swap them out like Cd's or tapes . .  . gee what a new idea no one has ever heard of it doesn't seem to pick up 4G as reliably has my Ev 4G did , but it still generally does find italic the option to force the use of 4Gmusic is interrupted paused when system sound play , rather than mixing in the system sound . I know Linux support shared audio device so I don't get why this isn't available on this version of introdden built in confixuration to direct some audio to speaker even when using headphonesha the usual sprint and Samsun bloatware that almost no one useslacks extra confixurable hardware button , so you can't have a few quickly accessible with looking at the screen app like a camera or voice recording this is true of almost any android device though
  Got one for both myself and the wife . . . I wanted the galaxy 4 . . Wife voted for this one . . I went with her decision and am just as happy as the wife . . . I guess we should listen to our wife more ? Let's not get too carried away . . . . Anyway , bottom line . . .  . has every bell and whistle I could use , and the price was right thank to the Amazon and Sprint arrangement . .  . 
  I purchased this Note II for 49 plus tax and it's everything I expected . I would suggest the Note II over the III for the price . 
  This phone was quickly shipped and arrived in amazing condition . The consultant at the Sprint store told me he'd been told from several people that phone ordered from Amazon were refurbished and sometimes had issue , but this was definitely not true of this one ! Saved me over 150 versus the amount they wanted in store . Can't beat that . The only downside I can find to this phone is it is HUGE . This is great when you want to watch Netflix or play game , but when you want to just slip it in a pocket and go . .  . not so much . I have an waterpox on mine simply because I am really hard on my phone , so that probably adds quite a bit of weight to Edithe screen is amazing and perfect for Netflix and outbuy video , and very touch responsive . I use the stylus all the time , from browsing to taking scranched to doodling . VERY useful . I have even used it in meeting to take Note . Love it ! 
  I ordered this phone at a great price and it shipped very fast . It was an upgrade for me and I am very happy with it . I love all of the feature and how user friendly it is . One slight issue I have is the volume on the phone waver and can sound low , but other than that I'm satisfied ! 
  I love this phone ! It does more than I expected . The price Was almost 200 cheaper On Amazon with MY upgrade than if I had Used the upgrade On my service provider's website . 
  The only thing we were looking for was a phone that would last all day , this is it . We came from the HTC EVO which was a nice phone other than battery life required you carry an extra battery . It is fast , plenty of room for app without adding a SD card . Most the bad review have to do with Sprint so check carefully if they have good service in your area . The phone won't turn so so service into anything but so so service . We have travelled from Florida to Maine several time and have always had service be it 2G or 4G . As for the phone it's large , make an phone look like a toy when compared side by side . Compared to the phone it's heavy but not that much . The camera is outstanding if you use it a lot . Listening to Pandora is fine as is watching video . Playback is better than the HTC or the phone but for those area's of so so connection download the video and then play it Beckwith's is more phone than most will need but it's nice to have anyway . I'd say 4 and a half star as nothing is perfect . 
  Haven't found anything to complain about yet with this gr8 phone . . . . the one thing I needed the most out it I got . . . . BATTERY LIFE . . . . this thing will stay on for 20 hour no problem . . . . happy
  Coming from a droid which was on its last leg I am very impressed . The Droid was an ok phone but would sometimes reboot , had issue with slowness autochthonic I love , Display ! knocks your sock off vivid colors . Bluetooth Was buggy on my old phone Solid performer here and notification sound are finally routed thru bluetooth . Battery life , I can run the whole day no need to plug in . Simply the best phon I have had ever
  I picked up a Galaxy Note 2 right after launch in November . Here in January , I am still in love with this device . Being 6' 3 , the size really does not bother me at all , and I love having all of the screen space . If you feel you need/want the space and power this phone offer , there's really no contest . The Note II is awesome . 
  i ordered the phone on dec . 22nd and the phone was backordered with a expected delivery date of february 6th . i ended up getting it dec 28th . i was thrilled . this phone is pretty sweet . i like asop android but the tocs on this phone is integrated really well and offer a lot of neat features . everything on this phone work great to . the screen , speakers . .  . everything . i'm esp happy with the volume output of the rear speaker . i work in a shop and need to be able to hear it ring , i should have no problem with this phone . the speaker quality is also clear . battery life on this phone is great as well . i've used this phone today way more than i ever would have used my Galaxy Nexus and i still have 67% battery life left at 11 pm . the gnex would have been dead a long time ago and it even had the bigger 2200 i think samsung battery in it . if you're on the fence about this phone , go for it . 
  I have big hand and needed a phone that wasn't the size of my thumb . This one has held up with the waterpox case I have put on it , which I highly recommend as well . The feature on this phone are pretty nice as well , and I'm not really looking to upgrade because it does well as is . Very happy with this purchase . 
  I have this phone in white and absolutely love it . I purchased the titanium one for my boyfriend but he didn't care for it because he's so use to the speed of the EVO 4G . I would definitely recommend it myself . 
  If you are looking for a larger screen capable of doing anything a PC can do and just as fast with 4G this is a great phone . 
  I love to get the phone for Just 19 . 99 in a special deal . I called some of my friend if they want it in such a low price but at that time nobody came up . I feel little warm while using video or gp . Apart from that i do not have any complain . Sprint service is not always 4G LTE in Chicago suburb area it goes to 3G several time slowing down the download speed . 
  First of this phone has a massive 5 . 5 screen . It is not 1080 but still provides a crystal clear awesome display . Second it has a quad core processor chugging away at 1 . 6Ghz . Not the fastest out there , but nearly so . Comes with 16GB of ROM and you can add more via a micro SD card plenty of room . Standard feature , front and rear camera not the highest resolution but still respectable . Bluetooth , WIFI up to N and NFC . Comes with JB 4 . 1 . 2 and 4 . 3 is rolling out as I pen this . kitcat will undoubtedly be added at some pointed is a big phone , not designed for the dainty and weak . I added a silicone/plastic case and it has an armoured feel to it nipter life is good , will run all day on a single charge with substantial use . Finally , it is last year's model and that mean Samsun is clearing them out for the Note 3 . Great deal are to be had . If the size does not intimidate you , this is your phone . run with the best of them , and provides a total media experience . 
  Very good device , great battery life , solid reliable performer I fully recommend as long as you are ok with the size . So much cheaper from Amazon than cell service provider . Hope to get 4 . 3 very soon to make this even better . gp and You Tube look great on this large screen . 
  Great phone , I bought this because of the large screen since I will deny the need for glass . The print is larger than previously owned phone , and it work well with Exchange server . I enjoy the phone , and wish I could comment on more of its feature , but I only use a few , surf the web , and yes I actually use it to make phone calls !  ! One thing that I love about this phone is the extra long battery life . I would say I am a moderate to light user of the phone , and I have had the battery last from sun up to sun down with no issue . 
  I love this phone . It's a little big until you get used to . Now it seems normal to me . Has a lot of great feature . Some feature I am still finding out about to this day . I don't explore it as much as I should , but it still does what I need it to do . It's a keeper for awhile ! 
  Never thought I would ever use a touch screen cell , however , the Galaxy Note II has changed my mind ! I absolutely love this phone . It does all I need it to do and more ! 
  Easy to use , big enough screen to get my finger on and great when teeting and I am the world worst dexter . program are easy to use and easy to set up . I have owned lot of phone including the phone and I wouldn't trade this one for any of them . You'll love . 
  He loves it as much as my Mother , however the NEXT BIG THING is out now and he Want the note 3 and the gear ? Oh well Bro . should waited 2 week . loli
  I really like my Note2 , love the large screen . The phone does everything ; I u2019m not use to Android system and only had the phone for 1 month . I used window phone for several year so I have not yet learn how to use all the feature . There is a ton of outbuy video showing you had to use all the feature . Love the Note 2 . 
  Finally talked my father in law to move to the smart phone era . He chose this for the size , and the pen . He LOVES this phone . Most people say they don't use the pen after the new period ware off . He cant put it down . 
  So far I am in love with this phone . It does so much and is so user friendly that my grandmother could probably use it . It has been entirely worth even penny . 
  This phone is everything I wanted and more ! The phone is obviously bigger than the standard android phone but it only took less than a day of holding it for it to fit comfortably . I am also very comfortable with the phone in my pocket . It fit all of the pocket easily . With my eyesight not being as good as it use to be , the screen is big enough for me to see . And watching movie and outbuy on this phone is extremely nice . I don't feel like I have to squint to watch whatever is on the screen . My girlfriend loves when I send her more personalised message from when I use the stylus . One of the biggest selling point for me is the battery . This thing comes with a huge battery so the battery life is very good . My previous phone's battery would get me maybe half a day before I have to charge it . This phone gets me through the whole day and then some . I am very glad that I had decided to purchase this phone ! 
  Super quality smartphone ! From the expandable storage space to the camera quality , I could not be happier with this device ! 
  Battery life is awesome imo . When I am not using it for work , I can almost go a whole day without charging it . Also note , I rarely play game on it . 
  I am in the advertising production business . This is the BEST phone for creatives ! !  ! Once it came out of the market , everyone that I work with in the field ALL got theirs around the same timet allows you to take screen shot of the video and make comment on it with your pen , then send it out as PDF file . All that can be done in few min while you are on it , even faster and easier than working on a mac ! Another thing I love about it is the super strong battery life . Mine goes on day without charging and I am the type of person have to check my phone every 5 mansion I first got the phone , I was like Holyoke , its HUGE ! Honestly , I got used to it in 5 minute . Now I can't stand looking at my husband's blackberry any more highly recommend getting a phone case with card holder . Its all you need on a quick run such as dropping off the kid to school . 
  its like no other phone i have ever heard of . i have not been disappointed . 1000 thumb up ! very good
  Love this phone/tablet what ever they want to call it , it does everything that i use it for excellent , I am glad I bought the phone . . .  . 
  This phone is still over 200 dollar at Sprint . I paid 99 buck . Awesome deal . I had a small problem activating as soon as I got the phone , but just took it in store and it was not an issue . Recommend to anyone looking for a big phone . 
  Cheap fast easy I loved it way better than actually going to sprint if you doubt mind to wait 2day
  My favourite feature is the stylus allowing me to take Note and not have to carry around notebooks/portfolio anymore at work . Otherwise , it's OK . I just got it for the large screen to watch Netflix and , again , take Note . 
  I was thinking of getting a tablet , but when I first saw the Samsun Galaxy Note ll by one of my relative , I decided to upgrade my phone to the Note ll instead . It does everything a phone does as well as a tablet . I don't have to carry 2 device , but have everything on one . It also replaces my gp device , and make travelling much easier . 
  So I have my Tablet , Kindle , Laptop all going unused because of this phone . It replaces your tablet and your hack/service plan to get it to wifie hotspot with your mobile phone . There is no need for a reader with this thing as it is big enough to read all by itself . You can do everything with this phone and it just look better . Yes it is big but you get used to that . It is much smaller than the phone in the 80's . The biggest difference between this phone and other phone or device is that it make everything you want to do on your phone more practical to do . Hook up a bluetooth keyboard and write a long letter . Manage your account , connect to harddrive on your network , program new app , Use as a gp the list goes on and on . This thing is truly awesome . It eliminates the need to take a tablet and a phone with you because you can do it all on your phone . With a couple of trusty app you can't be stopped with this phone . 
  After playing with this phone for a few week I definitely understand why they are calling it a babelet . This is a decent compromise to carrying around two device . I would highly recommend using a bluetooth adaptor for making call as you do look a little silly holding this monster up to your head . 
  learning something new about it each day . Loves the stylus and larger screen . Maybe be a bit too big for her but she's not complaining about a brand new high end phone that was free . 
  I think the phone is amazing . It does everything you could want from a smartphone . The screen is large and vibrant , and the battery is amazing . I easily can go at least1 full day and some more before charging it again . 
  There is nothing negative I can say about this phone . The battery can last a day and a half even with heavy use ! I am constantly teeting , surfing , using map , listening to music and it is super fast and never any problem . I absolutely love this phone
  This thing is great . No problem , no lag , super fast , I can go on and on . One of the reason I chose this phone besides the quad core and size was nobody I knew had one but now everybody that has seen and played with mine is getting one or Want to get one if they can afford it . I suppose if I had to choose a negative it would probably be the price . I have seen place still asking anywhere from 500 700 to purchase the phone w/o upgrade or anything . All I can say to whoever is planning on getting one shop around and maybe even wait a month there will be a good deal for it somewhere . This place seems to always beat everyone price . Hope that helps . 
  Everything I need from a phone to do my job and for my personal life . Now I use my pc much less , my Note does almost all the work for it . I love the big screen and its size is not an issue . I switched from a tc ev after 3 year . thank Samsun and Amazon for a job well done . 
  Phone work great and I love the feature . The only downside is the massive size of the phone . I added an Otter Box Defender case I'm tough on equipment and that make it borderline for a pocket . 
  Upon ordering this phone I had never actually used it and knew that it was infect 6 month old . With the pace that technology is currently speeding at , buying a new phone can be a very stressful task . But after doing lot of research I narrowed my search down to two phone . One being the HTC one and the second being the Note 2 . The HTC one is very premium , and had a beautiful 1080P screen . However , what made me go with the note 2 besides the big screen , very good specs , s pen and great price was the software it had tocs . doucs on the note 2 is far more superior than Tc's sense . I had come from an Ev 3D so I was quite familiar with the foundation and basic feature of sense . Sense is stale and takes away from the Android experience in my opinion . doucs enhances the android experience with the pen , multinode , great camera app , the personalisation , and keyboard . These are very important aspect when buying a phone . The 720P screen is very vivid and beautiful , which was my concern when buying the note . It's very fast , has a great camera , and a massive screen . It is the perfect size to enable you to fit in your pocket with no problem and is very thin . The battery is phenomenona too . Overall im happy that I will be spending the next 2 year with my new note especially with the deal amazon gives on new or upgrading customer . My recommendation is to buy it if you are considering you will not regret it ! 
  After decade of using cellular device finally I found a cell phone that is user friendly , lightning quick and does everything I need . The Samsun Note II is TOTALLY AWESOME . . . . . it's unlike any other phone in it's class . Stop pretending to be happy with the wanna be phone that you use every day , It doesn't matter what one you currently have ; when you grasp the excitingly powerful , large screened monstrosity for the first time it will seem a little out of the norm and just exactly that , a monster of a phone ; however , like it's a mistress you will soon find yourself sneaking off to spend time with it doing stuff that you would never do with your regular phone . Ah , ha ha like me , you will soon laugh at the little screen and remember the day of wishing for a device that could do any and all request fluently ,  . . . . . . . . flawless and on the fly can't wait for the Note III to come out will be one of the first customer in line to purchase one simply because of how good the Note II works . Thank you Samsun ! 
  I keep getting alto of 3G and not much 4G except when I took it out of the box and powered it upsit is big but that was what I antedate is a tablet and a phone got it at a great price through Amazon . com . No problem so far . I love the phone . 
  Really like this phone . Phone is a beast ! You can do Soo much with this phone , also like the pen , screen size , 
  It does so much , I ended up buying a book for it . For the function I DO know how to use , it work great ! 
  Love the note 2 . Its may 2014 and even though this device has been out for a while , its still a favourite . Not as big as that monster 6 screen like the note 3 or galaxy mega . So its still functional in the hand of a normal person . I don't have big hand at all . I'm 5'8 150 lb . So 1 handed operation is a little rough but worth the sacrifice . On the bottom side , it does lag a little waking up . And battery life takes a hit because of Knox and all the sprinter and Samsun crap . But does go a full day under moderate use . 
  I love it nice phone 4g work good where I live on sprint look the phone I get week now
  Great battery life , great screen , and 2gb of ram let the note 2 perform like champ ! Wouldn't trade it for the world ! 
  This is my first Smart Phone . I was very resistant to joining the electronic age . I am glad I chose to buy the Samsun Note 11 . The price was right . I did not need the latest phone . But I am pleased that I chose Samsun . 
  Done with apple . Back to android and loving it ! Not sure I'll ever use all the feature , but I like the one I use . 
  Other than battery . I have nothing to complaint took this mainly for sketching using stylus and I am very happy that I took the right decision . 
  Just received this new handset and the battery life is so much better than the Ev 3d that I upgraded from . Great phone . 
  Samsun make some great phone but this is one of the best . The clarity of the screen is fabulous . I am sure glad I got this phone . 
  Very impressed with my Galaxy Note II , love of the feature and application . The way 'My Files' are set up and the camera's quality are excellent feature . I Never will purchase another phone again . 
  Bought my phone a few week ago and I am truly happy with it . I am planning my wedding and this phone is great for people on the go , I would strongly recommend this phone to anyone . 
  So far so good . Delivery was amazing and the phone is brand new . The best part is that the phone automatically activate . Great price which is 100 less from store upgrade . RQQ
  Everything I hoped for , at what was an incredible bargain at the time . I have big hand , so it's ideal . 
  This is great phone . I can see all my app clearly . I can now multi task without a problem . Best phone i ever had . 
  This has got to be the best phone I've ever owned . I temporarily got the new version Note 3 and returned it in about a week . Don u2019t get me wrong , the Note 3 is a very nice and extremely capable phone . However , it came with one deal breaking issue : displant 2 will give those vibrant colour that just pop . Great for gaming and movie . The Note 3 u2019 display is FULL HD but even with all that clarity , the colour look noticeably dull . The Note 2 has a 1280x800 display may not be as super clear but , it has great colour representation u2019d opt for the vivid colour over the FULL HD display any day . Save some money and frustration , get yourself the Note 2 . BTW , I got mine 9 month from when it was released and still have it . 
  The sound quality during a phone coon is not as clear as I expected . Other than that the phone work great . I wasn't thrilled about the shipping either . I was requested to receive a text when it arrived and up failed to do so . Also it was left at the end of my front porch in the cold and rain instead of inside the screen door as I would have expected an expensive sensitive product should have been , which I believe may have caused the sound dysfunction . 
  She loves the note 2 . The big screen is perfect for hershey is more in to her phone now . Streaming music to setting the alarm clock , and the camera is another thing she love about her new phone . No problem yet . 
  Love the note 2 , big screen light weight . Bought one for my husband who was in love with the phone . After a few day with the note 2 he is over phone . 
  Love this phone . Perfect size . Very fast . Good quality screen . Do not care for the notification and sound setting . Not as easy and intuitive as my Motorola Photon was . 
  good hardware could be great , but did not make it Samsun stuff on top of android slows it downSamsun android 4 . 3 update will take control of your device away from you . Samsun support is uselessIf you promptly root your Note 2 and keep Samsun crap software away from it you will like this device 4 star if you let Samsun update it you will hate it negative star ! 
  The phone has great call quality and 4G is fantastic . Can play DISH on the go with Live TV . I f had 1 issue to complain about charging with the screen saver on takes forever and a day . Try to charge with power off it only takes about an hour and a half . 
  I rated this phone very high because I love it !  ! I can do everything on this phone that I can do on my laptop . The camera is amazing which is a must since I am a mom of 3 small children . Every app is easily accessible , the phone is self explanatory and so easy to turn on and just start using . I would recommend a case to protect it and an ear piece to talk on because the phone is very large and a little uncomfortable to use just to talk . I really like the Samsun line and this phone is everything I wanted . 
  I really like the phone . I had to send one back because it was defective . Amazon took care of it immediately . The power button is not in the best position and is easily pushed by accident . 
  This phone has taught me how to use a phone . i use to have difficulties using phone but this one is so easy to use and I love all the function that I can do on this phone . 
  I got a awsome deal on this phone through amazon ! The sprint store and everywhere else wanted 200 or more . The phone came quickly and it work great ! I love this phone . I have big hand and its a great fit . Cant go wrong ordering from amazon . 
  I have nothing more to say . I have been using mobile phone since 1997 and this one is by far the most perfect phone I have ever had . It does everything it is supposed to do , and more . My husband has an phone and can barely see the screen to do anything more than send a text or make a call . For everything else he grabs my phone ! I will also take a moment to plug Sprint . Been using them since day 1 and have never had issue with service or support . By far the best plan rate on the market . 
  This is a phone for the On the Move' individual Yay . The one challenge is the unit is Not Adobe Compatible but does come with Polaris as an Alternate info which was not and is not provided within the description thus the 4 star rating . Otherwise time will tell . 
  I traded my I phone for this one and I'm so glad I did . Everyone always ask , Isn't that phone to big ? You might as well talk on an I pad ! I love this phone ! The size is not an issue for me and I don't use a bluetooth . I think this is the perfect phone for me as I needed a bigger screen . 
  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT .  . the photo it takes are great . It is easy to use although I have only had it a few week , I am sure there are so many other feature I don't know about . 
  I love the screen , its perfect for movie . Oh the battery life is great since i got this phone the battery never died on me , keep in mind you have to know what app are or your phone . i wish it came with a stand . 
  This phone is fantastic ! Quite honestly this is the first smart I've ever had but wow am I ever impressed . It really can do almost anything . The feature I like best is the stylus . It make certain task much easier than if I were to just use my finger . I get a lot of ridicule as to how big my phone is but now that I've had it awhile , it just look like a normal phone to me while all the other look tiny . Plus all those who've made fun of me , I'm finding out are secretly jealous and not impressed with their own choice of phone . The only word of caution would be to the Mac owner . As much as I like my Mac and as much as I like this phone I can't get them to communicate . They're just not on speaking term I guess . There are way around such obstacle but it would be nice if I could just hook up my phone to my computer and be done with it . Maybe one day I'll figure it out . . .  . 
  So far i am very happy with the phone , its fast its HUGE , its just amazing . I was watching a lot of review on line for this version of the phone and its exactly ideals , this phone is very fast , great size , and good quality of camera . 
  Love it . Best phone ever . It do everything you can think of . I went from phone to this galaxy note 2
  Anyone hating on this phone is just jealous that the spec destroy their crapple epanthous thing is a beast ! The screen is large enough where you no longer need to carry a phone and a tablet with you everywhere you go , all you need is this one device . This thing has got more power under the hood than many desktop computers ! The Pen is a neat little novelty , but its cuteness , or coolness wears off after a few day of having the device , as it is rarely necessary or useful for the most part . 
  Love the screen . Love the battery life . Love the Supen handwriting function . These are the function I bought it for and it has lived up to my expectation . 
  Former long time Apple phone consumer who made the switch to Android about 6 month ago . Decided on the Samsun Note2 and very happy with change . Many feature that just can't compare to other . Faster , slim , larger screen , launcher etc .  Pen is sweet ! and it sits nicely on my belt in the waterpox Defender . Nothing wrong with the still limited phone if you like that , but will stay with Android for now . Jomo
  Battery life is great and screen size is great . The phone is like a mini tablet I would highly recommend . 
  Great phone ! Rooted as soon as I got it . Super easy and fun to mod . The spean is great and nice size to display everything
  This phone is all I wanted it to be plus some , the pen feature is the best learning more tip & trick . 
  My vision is not so great , therefore I order this phone and love every aspect of it . If I had to make the choice I would choose it again . The price was not bad , I would never upgrade through my cellphone company again . Amazon is the way to go . 
  I received the phone as new . This phone blow away the imagination . I have yet to out it down after 3 month . Too many thing to brag about . phone users . . . this product does not compare . Now I know why App ; e is resorting to law suit these day . Samsun , congrats on making the best line of mobile product . If you are on the fence , just do it . You will be so happy you did ,  . 
  I love this Phone make the phone look like a tiny out dated phone .  . I would recommend this phone to anyone , fit well in my pocket . 
  I just love the big screen , great picture quality and fast processing speed . It fit into the pocket of my dress shirt and slack well . 
  This is a great phone . I'm still trying to learn everything this thing will do . Essentially I think if you can conceive of it , this phone will do it . The app are great . The speed is fast . The sound clear . The screen clear . It is all good . 
  Best phone I've purchased to date . Has all the feature I wanted and still more left to discover . I'm sold on Samsun . 
  Everyone said it would be too big , it's not , it's the perfect size . One of the fastest phone you can buy definitely the fastest I've ever owned . 
  The phone is great but I would like to trade it in for the waterproof inept I can't complain about anything
  The best one ever I had . Love it . It huge and clear I can see better due to my eye . I recommend to get the Galaxy Note II . 
  the display is great , love the battery life , lasts quite a batlike the stylus pen feature on it . It is not oversized fit in your hand nicely . 
  Really enjoy the size , functionality of this phone . The salus is a great addition ! It allows me the ability to point and click thru app and the web just like on my computer . The screen resolution sharp and clear , and the colour are saturated and vibrant . I would recommend this phone to anyone who Want or need more size and space in a phone ! 
  Best price around !  ! No one can beat it !  ! The device itself is wonderful , it exceeded my expectations !  ! Everyone in my circle loves it too ! I'm a fan for life . . . if u could give it 10 star I would ! Happy Note II owner : 0
  When purchased , I snagged this SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE II Sprint for ONLY 99 . 99 ! Of course , a new 2YR AGREEMENT was required , but this is an 829 . 99 phone ! No mail in rebates . .  . No hidden fees . .  . No phone to trade Inuit's been about a month , and the phone continues to exceed expectation . PROS . .  . Very smooth , generally lag free , good battery life , huge display , 16GB internal plus SD compatibility . CONS . .  . I see only one con for certain people , especially females ; the HUGE 5 . 5 display . I have large hand , and I can barely handle the phone using just one hand . The phone has specific option to make navigating the phone easier , but it doesn't quite cut it . This phone demand two hands . The size also affects the idea of carrying your phone in your pants/jean pocket . I wear baggy clothing with big pocket , so it work for me , but most pocket won't work . And even when you finally squeeze it in . .  . Once you decide to sit down , the phone stabs you in the stomach . Overall . .  . GREAT PHONE ! And for 99 . 99 it is RIDICULOUS ! If you use your phone while moving around , I wouldn't recommend it , although Bluetooth might provide a solution . White Collar workers . .  . This is a phone for you . 
  This phone is great and also big enough to play with as a tablet . Phone is very big compared to other phone but must be expected if interested in the note 2 . 
  Great phone that does everything wonderfully . Hope they continue to make accessorii for this phone and that it is a mainstay in the Samsun line up for a long time to come . 
  I love this phone ! I love the size of the screen , the application , everything about it . I would buy it again ! 
  I received my phone within a couple of day with no problem . It's big , bold and I love it . I use a bluetooth , so I never have to put it up to my ear if I don't choose to . 
  For the price I couldn't ask for more and I'm loving the size of my new toy . .  . Thank you for the great price and shipping ! !  ! 
  I love this phone it met all my expectation . The screen is enormous and vibrant and the colour are amazing . I never get bored with this phone because of the many feature it possess . 
  First I'll say that this is my first smart phone , but I'm comfortable with the learning curve on new technology , so I didn't have any trouble learning the basic . This was also a change of service vendor for me , so some thing are different depending on which company's setup you have . Probably the basic feature that threw me off the most was realising that voice mail was an app , rather than having to call a phone number to retrieve message . I love the size of the phone , which is a hot topic in the review . Evidently you either love the size or you don't care for it ; I love it . There are so many great review from people who can compare this to other smart phone model , so I'll just end by saying that if you want a bigger screen and back in the day could program your VCR , you will love this phone . Plus , you can always ask a 10 year old to help you . Enjoy ! 
  Great phone and mini tablet . I hardly use my computer anymore . Everyone who sees it says is that your phone ? ' It attracts attention and work like a charm
  This phone has gone beyond my expectation . The clarity of the screen , simplicity of the tutorial , and the many , many extra . I would definitely recommend this phone to any and every body who Want an amazing phone . 
  Great phone . Love the feature . Tablet and phone in one . Samsun rule ! The phone meets all expectation and beyond . Amazing !  ! 
  Even though it's not the fastest or coolest anymore , it's still a great phone . The magic comes when you incorporate the stylus into your workflow . I love to take Note but have never been able to feel at home typing them out into my phone . Writing them with the stylus feels more natural and I'm able to have access to the Note and sketch anywhere I use Papyrus and organise them into my projects . And the screen is GREAT . I came from an phone 4 . I loved the Retina but the screen size and quality is amazing on the Note 2 . The only lacklustre feature about the Note 2 is the camera . A lot of lens flare and washed out colour . I take very few pic and have considered carrying around my iP4 just to snag pigswill recommend the Synergy ROM . 
  I've recommended this phone to everybody . I should get commission . It's a fantastic phone for anyone spending time online , watching movie or listening to music . The large screen eliminates the need for reading glass . The sound quality is wonderful too . The only issue is the location of the volume button . Very annoying . I've had the phone a month and still can't hold the phone without adjusting the volume . 
  This is an awesome phone . the Phone plus Jelly bean o make this the best phone ever . I'm on outbuy learning all the feature . 
  Its screen is three time the size of the phone will still fit in a pocket but weighs about the same . It also has the best camera I've ever had on a phone and make a great e retariff you have 4G service , you will never look backet : I forgot to mention battery life . It is also a best ever . 
  Great purchase . We are so pleased with this babelet . It is a great quality device ! I can't believe I paid half what my provider of 10 yr . wanted to charge us ! Love the functionality and all the bell and whistle . Nothing not to love ! 
  I really enjoy the Note 2 . For year I had Palm phone , but Sprint quit carrying them so based on review , I tried this one . I am very pleased and learn more feature every day . 
  I am a school student , and the screen is just amazing . I like to both develop game , and read online textbook , and the bi screen really helps . It was a selling point between the S3 and the Note2 . 
  I am very pleased with the Samsun Galaxy Note II . It does every thing that I expected and more . I am a school administrator . I utilise several excel file and take noted frequently . A tablet is too much for me to carry around during my busy day . This phone is convenient . 
  Great camera , clear video and photo . I enjoy having the option to turn the call volume to really loud , just in case someone whisper to me on the phone I can turn it up . I don't really use the multi screen or stylus , but they're nice feature . Screen is huge . 
  Cheaper than sprint renewal for a 2 year . Phone work great so far but it's a little bit bigger than I expected
  THIS IS A GREAT PHONE AT A FANTASTIC UNHEARD OF PRICE . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE WHO IS LOOKING TO UPGRADE ! 
  This is by far the best phone I have ever owned and I always try to be the first to try the newest phone . Love love love the screen size and picture quality
  I love this phone . the super amole screen is bright , crisp and clear . the screen itself is HUGE <3 and the 2 gig of ram Goodacre processor are AMAZING FAST . I want for nothing , Samsun did a helluvagreat job on this phone . thank again , and sprint 4g is superfast , critic be damned i have had zero problem one time in 3 week have i seen a 3g indicator and it was gone quickly . 
  I was a BB user . Tried HCT didn't like it went back to BB . Got the Note II from Amazon Wireless , with continued service thru Sprint Dec 26th , 2012 . LOVE IT ! Then the phone died on March 21st which was a Thursday . I had never dropped the phone or done anything else that would have caused it to stop working so I called Sprint from my land line and had to MAKE AN APPOINTMENT for later that afternoon to take it to one of their repair shop . Not all Sprint store do repair . The phone repair store could not do anything with it because it would not boot past the Samsun screen AND wouldn't turn off unless you took the battery out so they had to order a replacement phone which cost me 50 because I opted not to pay the 11 something per month for Sprints TEP Total Equipment Protection when I first started using the phone . AND FYI , if you think phone insurance will cover it , guess again because there is a 50 to 200 deductible you have to pay first . Before going to the repair store , I had enough sense to bring my old BB fully charged phone with me because I was pretty sure they wouldn't be able to `fix' the Samsun . They re set up my BB to use until the replacement came in the following Tuesday . The replacement is a re manufactured Note II and I swear is not working as well as the first one before it died . But , that's what I'm forced to accept . Whatever . . .  . My biggest grip the app I had on the first phone are gone and I now have to retrace what I had on the dead phone , some of which were free and some I paid for . The way I understand it , there is no backup program out there that backs up the app on your phone . They may transfer to a replacement phone IF the broken phone can be accessed but mine could not . So , I have had to spend hour of my time since the phone stopped working to try and get back what I once had before it broke . My photo and contact were all backed up but not the app . Amazon Wireless has no way to take care of you face to face and therein lays the problem when purchasing an important item from them , such as a cell phone . I don't know why the phone died but it did . Too bad I can't get the hour I spend trying to get this all fixed back I know I won't make that mistake ever again . 
  So , received my phone but it had evidently been reported stolen prior to my receiving it . Upon contacting Sprint , they told me to go to a Sprint Store to get the problem fixed , without detailing the problem . Six Sprint store later , I'm still stuck with an inactive phone that was reported stolen and a Sprint Bill . For what it's worth , I ordered the phone back in the late spring , and have been trying to fight with Sprint and Amazon Sunnysouth phone's great though . Very pretty . 
  I did a lot of research into phone knowing that I wanted to get something that would do more than just email and Facebook . The answer was the Note 2 . I had been happy with my  , the original of the the series and wanted to stick to Samsun as I love the droid system . This phone has the best of the series and the best of a tablet all in one . I can back up my contact on my Google email , the memory card moves photo , music , even movie and store them though the internal memory is amazing . The processing is fast and effective when taking photo or running multiple app . I can have music playing while reading my Kindle app or surf the web while playing on the Ancestry app . The size will seem strange but the adjustment is easy . With so many app there is something for everyone . The best feature is the pen , even if you don't use it to write like a pen it is a great tool for browsing or when you have nail like me LOL . Amazon offer a case with a kickstand , I recommend it for viewing pleasure because Netflix is amazing on the phone . And with a memory card slot up to 64G you can watch ton of movies . .  . Enjoy ! 
  Ok . . . . I went from an old LG smartphone and I thought this phone was gonna be too big . But after using it for two week now every time I pick up a friend or family member phone I just cant help but laugh ! How the heck do they use those witty bwitty phone ? If your looking for a new phone this is the one you need ! ! !  ! Its super fast has ton of feature and setting . I chose this ph because my old computer bit the dust and my old ph was out of internal memory . So I thought this would kill two bird with one stone , well let me tell you it's way way more than I thought it could be !  ! Super Happy ! 
  Best phone ever ! It has awesome speaker and really good audio quality !  ! It has more memory and can do more . It has more app and work fast on the internet . 
  I think the Samsun Note 2 with it's 5 . 5 inch screen is perfect for me , but I guess if Amazon false advertisement selling this babelet on a new account was not to be for me . It took me five time , and several call to customer service , using their shoddy software to process the order to get my payment accepted , the first two time said I was approved , the last three said there would need to be a review before the order could be processed and shipped because of their malfunctioning . I received an email telling me to call Amazon , was connected to Sprint , ask several question about past information . I was then told that I was approved for my order and that I should receive the phone by 07/10/2013 , the coming Thursday . On Tuesday on logged on to Amazon to discover that I had no previous order , when I called I was told that Amazon decided not to sell me any phone , no other explanation . I don't understand , if the service provider approved me for more that I phone and opened an account with them why wouldn't Amazon Honor the original agreement . Why advertise something if you don ; t want to sell it . I have been a customer of Amazon for many year , I have never had any problem until now , this will not keep me from getting the phone , naturally I would shop for the cheaper price , but Amazon wireless , I am very disappointed in how you handled this issue concerning the phone order , I will never recommend your website to anyone again , is this how you keep long term customer , or are we all just a number on your large corporation . I am willing to bet you provided better customer service when you were a new company , if not you wouldn't be successful now .  . .  . thank FOR NOTHING ! 
  Well , fact is theres way too much to say . . . but what I liked mostly is that I loaded downy whole dang atune library along with the Pandora appalso . The visual are awesome tooth stylus pen is really a nice touch , what , well I niffered one before and I think its great . . . especially when odonata have to type text with sausage finger like me . . . you just scribble a wibble apopyle , Im psyched I tell you !  . . . . for I am about to have delivered me in my home the calipash wireless KMC speaker to rocky music file on this device . There will be an update . Chow . . .  . 
  Great fast phone . Great battery life !  ! Great quality screen , good phone to do whatever you want in it . Good quality camera ; it has lot of functionality ! 
  this may be a expensive phone but it is decently the best phone I have ever had , it does everything you can think of . battery life is great . couldn't ask for anything better
  Do not buy from Sprint . The Sprint Now Network is more like the Sprint Maybe Later network . It rarely work and they refuse to acknowledge there is a problem . No Internet most of the time , tethering is useless as their 4G is slower than dial UPI miss call after call because Sprint's network is so horrible . You can get better service with MetroPCS . GO TO AT&T ; or VERIZON . You may pay more but in reality . .  . you can't get the service Sprint is advertising . And now I'm stuck in a 2 year contract with a non working phone . 
  This cell phone is above all other except for the colour balance , it's a little too warm , and it is a notch below phone 5 . Well , it did not matter if I was not fooled by At&t ;  , this company is criminal in term of exploitation , they over charged . . . and they silently changed their return policy from 30 day to 15 day , thus , I got stucken advice for every other city dweller , stay away from At&t ;  , now I have to eat 24 month of death sentenced&t ; 300 buck . . . . . . . Sprint 100 buck , have your choice . 
  Had the Galaxy Note 2 for a few day , wow what a cool device , but had to pay 90 . 00 for the service from Sprint . Returned it and decided to go with the Galaxy S2 with Virgin paying 35/mo 5 . 00 insurance fee . The S2 also is a great device , lot of ROM and can add a SD card for future app . No restarting issue yet after a few week , will update if I due have any issues . . .  . 
  Nuff saddik since 18 more word are required , I will end by saying you will not be let down =
  I guess I was used to a smaller phone ? This is basically a tablet you use like a phone ? It is a pretty cool tab for what it is , but you need to get used to it . 
  I HAVE COMPARED SPRINT AGAINST . .  . ATT . .  . VERIZON . . . T MOBILE . . . HONESTLY ATT SHOULD BE IN JAIL .  . FOR BEING SO EXPENSIVE ITS ALEGAL ROBBERY AND THEY ARE NOT ASHAME TO COME ON TV . AND TALK ABOUT PRICES . .  . DAMN . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  ! ITS TRUE THEY GOT D BEST ANTENNA tower . BUT ONLY IF U NEED THEM .  . U WORK IN THE OIL field OR URE A TRUCK DRIVER OTHER WISE U ARE ONE DUM SON OF A . . . FOR HAVING THEM AS PRIVIDERS . . . . . . . .  . THEY THINK THEY ARE STILL IN THE 80S . .  . VERIZON EXPENSIVE ALSO .  . T MOBILE HALF OF EXPENSIVE AS ATT . .  . BUT NOT NEARLY AS CLOSE AS GOOD AS SPRINT . . . . CRICKET GOOD PRICE BUT ITS A CHEAP COMPANY WITH CHEAP SERVICE .  . NOT WORTH IT .  . 
  Phone seems very nice however ; sprint , has been been less that than efficient at transferring my number into my phone
  You Cannot purchase this Phone At the listed price of 69 . 99 They will Charge your Card And Then the next day tell you they cannot fulfil Your Order and cancel it with no Explanation As to Why but they then refer you to your local wireless provider which you have to select in the checkout process once you are approved by them in our case sprint They will charge you 199 . 00 for the same phone they're advertising here for 69 . 99 its simple Bait and switch and Amazon should be ashamed of these practise . 
  This phone is incredibly glitchy . Random freezes , letter and word just disappear while your typing , not to mention that since flash is no longer available for android the big screen seems kind of pointless . Except for watching sprint tv this phone is a waste of money and space . Unless you need the big screen for work i would look elsewhere . I never thought I would say this but after having this phone for 5 month I am ready to go back to a flip phone . I also wish I had kept my ev instead of buying this . I think Samsun has gone downhill as far as quality goes . The S3 is almost as big of a pain in the ass . If all you have had is Samsun or if this is your first smart phone then it may not bother you , but after going from the tc ev to this I fell like I've been downgraded . The screen is bigger and better on the note 2 but the EVO was so much easier to use and it would only get glitchy when it got hot . The note2 is always glitchy for me and it has been that way since day 1 . The menu in the Note2 are also difficult to navigate unless you know exactly where something is otherwise it could take 10 minute of searching to turn something off . 
  This is an excellent phone . I love everything about it , except that it keeps rebooting . apparently this is known problem for these kind of phone . I switched from an phone , which this never happened for year . I call the customer service to report and return the defective phone . They don't send you anything before you ship back the phone . This mean you'll be without a phone for a few day . What do you get ? I'm really sorry Come on , really sorry ? ?  ? I asked for an overnight option but they don't have that option . I guess there is value in getting your phone from a store , where you can get it fixed or replaced on the spot . Especially if you need your phone to work and make a living . 
  Because my phone is still freezing up and running slow I called in about this and I didn't get a call so I am very very not satisfied ?  ? ?  ? 
  This is a terrific phone , but you won't be able to enjoy it , let alone activate it , because the service is terrible when it is actually available . The battery life is nowhere near what it's quoted at with Sprint because you are constantly roaming . You never get to experience any of it's feature unless you are on a wifie network . Great device for media , plays all file format for video and audio . All around incredible device , but the service is god awful . Do yourself a favour and get it through another carrier . I purchased it through Sprint and had to return it the next day , now that I have the Note 2 through Version I'm able to experience what the phone has to offer in a whole new light . 
